Payment and Billing


We welcome payment through Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover, Check by Telephone, PayPal® and Government Purchase Orders.





Leasing services are also available.


Invoice terms for pre-qualified customers are Net 30 unless otherwise arranged in advance. A 2% per month finance charge will be assessed on all late payments.
A $20.00 charge will be assessed on checks drawn on accounts with insufficient funds.






Shipping and Handling


All shipping charges are based on the weight of the product(s) that are ordered and the destination "Ship To" zip code. We calculate these costs by using the FedEx rate calculator.

 FedEx ground shipping is free only for online orders $99 and over within the 48 lower contiguous United States.

International Shipping: International customers have several shipping options available when ordering by telephone. Customs charges, taxes and fees are the customer's responsibility.

How to predetermine your shipping costs: Since all of our products come in various sizes and weights, and since we use FedEx's rate calculator which bases costs on zip code information, we cannot offer a standard shipping table indicating the freight costs.
Please note: Any orders you place that exceed 150 lbs. in total weight will not have shipping fees noted on your order confirmation. Instead, freight charges will be calculated manually by AEDSuperstore® after your order is placed. 





Please note: Any orders you place that exceed 150 lbs. in total weight will not have shipping fees noted on your order confirmation. Instead, freight charges will be calculated manually by AEDSuperstore® after your order is placed. The reason for this is that the online calculator from FedEx cannot differentiate between individual items being purchased and calculates the freight based solely on total pounds incurred. We manually convert shipments of 150 lbs. or more into smaller parcels for FedEx acceptance. After we contact you with your freight charges and your final total, you are never under any obligation to continue with the order if you feel the charges are unacceptable. That is our promise to you.




Street addresses are required: We currently ship most orders to U.S. destinations via FedEx ground service to business and residential addresses. We cannot ship to PO boxes because FedEx will not deliver to them. If you need expedited freight service on an item, contact us at 800-544-0048 for assistance. Additional charges will apply.



If you have any further questions, please use our online contact form.





Warranty Service


Warranty service and technical support questions are accommodated at the following telephone numbers based on your model of AED or accessories:


Cardiac Science
800-991-5465



DefibTech, LLC
866-333-4248




HeartSine Technologies
866-478-7463




LIFE Corperation
(Oxygen)
800-700-0202




CPR Prompt/Nasco
920-563-2446




Philips Healthcare
800-263-3342




Physio-Control
(formerly Medtronic)
800-442-1142





ZOLL Medical
800-348-9011






Return Policy



AEDSuperstore® is committed to your satisfaction. If we make an error with your order, or you receive defective or damaged merchandise, please call us at 800-544-0048 immediately. If you ordered the incorrect item or need to return an item for other reasons, our no nonsense 30-day return policy is as follows:





You may receive a refund or credit on most items within 30 days of delivery. Items must be in their original packaging. Before we can accept your eligible return items, you must call us at 800-544-0048 to obtain a Returned Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number. Write the number on the shipping label of each box to be returned so we'll know how to process your refund. Items returned to us without original and undamaged packaging, or without an RMA, will incur a 15% restocking fee. Returns beyond 30 days will not be accepted.


All items purchased from AEDSuperstore® may be returned under this policy except opened electrode pads or those with damaged packaging, opened rescue kits and packs, used batteries or those with opened packaging, used manikins, books, software, videos, CDs, DVDs, extended warranties, online training passcodes (once issued) and classroom training (once it's scheduled.) If you are returning an automated external defibrillator (AED) or training unit, the price of opened electrode pads, opened or used batteries, or items in opened or non-resalable condition will be deducted from the refund. Training purchases and AED management services are not refundable once scheduled or online passcodes have been issued.







Since all of our products come in various sizes and weights, and since we use FedEx's rate calculator which bases costs on zip code information, we cannot offer a standard shipping table indicating the freight costs.


Shipping and insurance costs on returned items are the responsibility of the customer. For your protection, we urge you to ship returns insured using a reputable carrier who will issue a tracking number for the shipment. AEDSuperstore is not responsible for customer returns that are lost or damaged during shipping.



Items not purchased from AEDSuperstore® may not be returned to AEDSuperstore®.




Refunds or credits will be processed within 10 business days after receipt of returned items; refunds will be issued using the same payment method as your original order.








Privacy Policy / Security Policy


We respect your privacy and AEDSuperstore® will never sell any information about you to third parties, nor do we advertise our customers. For our complete Privacy Policy, please visit our Privacy Policy page. For information about Security, please visit our Security Policy Page.
How to Shop AEDSuperstore.com
How to find items: There are several ways to find what you want

Each page has direct links to different categories of merchandise, and sometimes to individual items.
AEDSuperstore.com is searchable (see search box at top of page).

Buying is easy and secure: You don't have to fill out a registration form or download software to shop. When you place an order, you can feel confident that your credit card information is protected by our secure server. For information regarding how AEDSuperstore® uses your information, please see our Privacy Policy.
For every item, there will be an Add To Cart button. This button adds the item to your Shopping Cart. Putting something in your shopping cart does not commit you to buying it. After you put something in your shopping cart, you can choose to place the order immediately, or continue shopping.
You can put as many items as you want in your shopping cart. When you are finished and want to place your order, click Checkout under your cart in the right hand column.