Shipping & Returns


    

    
            Returns PolicyYou may return most new, unopened items within 30 days of delivery for a full refund. We'll also pay the return shipping costs if the return is a result of our error (you received an incorrect or defective item, etc.).
You should expect to receive your refund within four weeks of giving your package to the return shipper, however, in many cases you will receive a refund more quickly. This time period includes the transit time for us to receive your return from the shipper (5 to 10 business days), the time it takes us to process your return once we receive it (3 to 5 business days), and the time it takes your bank to process our refund request (5 to 10 business days). Any alterations or misuse will void any warranty.If you need to return an item, please Contact Us with your order number and details about the product you would like to return. We will respond quickly with instructions for how to return items from your order.
Collection
if you wish to collect, please add the coupon   " collection "  at the checkout for a discount.
 Shipping
Our standard pallettrack economy service listed as 3-4 working days the transporter will ring before attempting delivery to pre-book a day convenient for both parties.
 
Items are usually made to order so are not ready for immediate despatch.
 
Build times varies but we try to keep this as short as possible and few things in stock.   
 
We can ship to virtually any address in the UK and internationally. Please contact for international delivery quotes
Items are shipped via parcel courier or pallet depending on weight.
Heavy items such as chicken coops are sent via pallet courier so that they arrive undamaged. 
Pallettrack use large lorries so it is the buyers responsibility to check access.
Pallettrack are only obliged to offer kerbside delivery though often are quite happy to help.
We make no money on our shipping charges, the price you pay is what we get charged,  you are welcome to come and collect for free !
Unfortunately remote areas and some postcodes have high shipping costs we have no control over this.
Pallet size restrictions mean that sometimes items will be partly disassembled to keep shipping costs down to a minimum. i.e multiple coopsPlease also note that the shipping rates for many items we sell are weight-based. The weight of any such item can be found on its detail page. To reflect the policies of the shipping companies we use, all weights will be rounded up to the next full KG.