Shipping & Return Information


    
            All Beach Lifeguard orders are cared for with high priority and are inspected every step of the way. Please note, all orders get processed the next business day if the order is placed after 9:00 a.m. EST.
 
US Shipping options:  (Price varies by weight and destination)
Free Shipping = 3-5 business days
Flat Rate Shipping = 3-5 Business Days
USPS Priority Mail = 1-4 Business Days 
One Day Transit = 1-2 Business Days
 
International Shipping Options: (Price varies by weight and destination)
USPS Express Mail International = 3-5 Business Days
USPS Priority Mail International = 6-10 Business Days
USPS First Class Mail International = 7-12 Business Days
 
Returns
For any reason a product needs to be returned, we are willing to help. Our return policy is 45 days from order date.
PLEASE NOTE: ANY CUSTOMIZED PRODUCTS, MAY NOT BE RETURNED, WHICH INCLUDES LOCATION PRINT IN FRONT AND NAMES ON BACK. If the error is on our part, we will take care of everything at no cost to you. If your customized item does not fit, we may not offer an exchange of size. 
1. If a product has a different color/size/location than you ordered, we accept the liability and will accept the return for a refund or store credit. (We pay shipping).
 
2. If the item you have received is defective, please send us a picture in an email with your order number as the subject and we will take care of each case to the best of our ability.
 
3. Please note: If a product is ordered with a Location name or a Custom name, it is printed specially for you. Therefore, we are unable to accept returns or exchanges. Please let us help ensure correct sizing so now exchanges will be needed.
 
4. If for any reason you choose not to keep your Officially Licensed Lifeguard® product which you orddered, you may send your product back for a store credit and will never expire. Store credits are easy and we will always honor your credit.
 
As per our Hygiene policy, we are unable to return or exchange any mens or womens swimsuits. We apologize in advance for any inconveniences.
 
Exchanges
We understand how frustrating it is to receive a product and it doesn't fit, or you simply want a different color. Therefore, if you call or email us we will be able arrange an exchange for your product.
The way exchanges work, is if the product you've ordered is not printed with a location name and if all items are in perfect condition with the tags still affixed, we will accept the exchange, within 30 days of delivery. Any orders with a custom name printed on the back, will not be available to return/exchange unless there was a mistake on our part.
All items that we approve to be sent back to us, need to have all orginial tags affixed to each item.
Shipping charges need to be paid by the customer for all exchanges. All exchange shipments need to have tracking numbers in order for us to properly process the exchange.
All unworn items without a custom name printed, may be sent back for an exchange. A note must be included in the package indicating which size you would like as an exchange.
 


International Shipping
We understand that there is a demand for our merchandise around the world and we are proud to offer international shipping to all those who would like to enjoy Official Lifeguard products!
You may use the following shipping methods for international shipments:
USPS Express Mail International USPS Priority Mail International  USPS First Class Mail International
Beach Lifeguard - Returns
400 Federal Blvd
Carteret, NJ 07008 
