Shipping and Delivery
 
BebePrecious is a store with multiples brands. When you place an order, we have the product and we will ship directly to you.BebePrecious is pleased to provide simple and affordable shipping options to all US states. Domestic ground shipping is freeStandard Shipping orders can take up to 48 hours to process, expedited, priority, 2 day, 1 day orders placed after 1pm will usually ship on the next business day. Once shipped you will receive a shipment confirmation with a tracking number.We do ship to US territories but with more time than in US.We also offer international shipping. 
Holiday shipping
For Christmas
For delivery by Sunday 12/24/2023, we recommend placing all orders by the following datesGround shipping : Sunday 12/17/2023Priority Mail : Tuesday 12/19/20232 Day Delivery : Wednesday 12/20/2023Next Day delivery : Thursday 12/21/2023
For New Year’s Eve
For delivery by Saturday 12/30/2023, we recommend placing all orders by the following datesGround shipping : 12/20/2023Priority Mail : 12/26/20232 Day delivery : 12/27/2023Next day delivery : 12/28/2023
If you order from the east coast, these dates can be shortened by a day or 2 due to the proximity. Items may run out of inventory during this very busy time. If it is the case, you will receive an e-mail shortly after. You should place your orders early.
We do not ship on Saturdays, Sundays and/or national US holidays.
Shipping
Shipping is free within the US 
We can ship to virtually any address in the world. Note that there are restrictions on some products, and some products cannot be shipped to international destinations.When you place an order, we will estimate shipping and delivery dates for you based on the availability of your items and the shipping options you choose. Depending on the shipping provider you choose, shipping date estimates may appear on the shipping quotes page.
Usually we ship within 24 hours of cleared payment, Monday through Friday.Please also note that the shipping rates for many items we sell are weight-based. The weight of any such item can be found on its detail page. To reflect the policies of the shipping companies we use, all weights will be rounded up to the next full pound.
We ship very fast, same day to next day dependent on the time of the Order.We ship through USPS for Expedited  Shipping 2-3 days estimated delivery time with a tracking number.Express mail is available -- email us if you need rush delivery.
 
Returns PolicyYou may return most new, unopened items within 14 days of delivery for a full refund. We'll also pay the return shipping costs if the return is a result of our error (you received an incorrect or defective item, etc.).You should expect to receive your refund within four weeks of giving your package to the return shipper, however, in many cases you will receive a refund more quickly. This time period includes the transit time for us to receive your return from the shipper (5 to 10 business days), the time it takes us to process your return once we receive it (3 to 5 business days), and the time it takes your bank to process our refund request (5 to 10 business days).If you need to return an item, simply login to your account, view the order using the "Complete Orders" link under the My Account menu and click the Return Item(s) button. We'll notify you via e-mail of your refund once we've received and processed the returned item.
 
Most of our product are FREE SHIPPING within The USA
ANY QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS PLEASE FEEL FREE TO CONTACT US, ENJOY OUR SITE.  