Shipping & Returns


    
            Returns PolicyYou may return most new, unopened items within 30 days of delivery for a full refund. We'll also pay the return shipping costs if the return is a result of our error (you received an incorrect or defective item, etc.).You should expect to receive your refund within four weeks of giving your package to the return shipper, however, in many cases you will receive a refund more quickly. This time period includes the transit time for us to receive your return from the shipper (5 to 10 business days), the time it takes us to process your return once we receive it (3 to 5 business days), and the time it takes your bank to process our refund request (5 to 10 business days).If you need to return an item, please Contact Us with your order number and details about the product you would like to return. We will respond quickly with instructions for how to return items from your order.
Changing or cancelling an order 
Cancelling your order. 
You have the right to cancel your order within 7 working days from the date you placed your order. To cancel your order please contact us in writing within 7 days. 
If you would like to amend your order and the order has not been dispatched we will happily take payment of the extra items and send all items out together. If your order has already been dispatched we cannot add anymore items and you will be required to place an additional order.Shipping
Here at The Chair Clinic Ltd we pride ourselves on excellent customer service.
We know that you don't want to wait days for your order to arrive, that's why we send every component order within the UK Mainland by Royal Mail or TNT. This means that all being well, you should receive your parcel the following working day after it has been despatched, or within 5 days.
However, although we promise to despatch your order quickly, it should be remembered that delivery is not guaranteed within this timescale and parcels can occasionally take longer to reach their destinations. Parcels sent to Northern Ireland, the Isle of Man, Isles of Scilly, the Channel Islands, certain parts of Scotland, Europe and the rest of the world will usually take a little longer to arrive.
All shipping charges quoted are for UK mainland destinations only, delivery to Channel Islands, Scottish Highlands & Islands, Northern Ireland, EU and the rest of the world may incur further shipping costs.
There are certain items that we are unable to post overseas and if this is the case with any part of your order we will contact you by email.
We can ship to virtually any address in the world. Note that there are restrictions on some products, and some products cannot be shipped to international destinations.
How will my item(s) be sent to Western Europe?
All items will be sent using Parcelforce so that all items are traceable. Please note our shipping charges do not allow for any charges levied by Customs in the destination country, nor do we accept responsibility for paying such charges. 
When you place an order, we will estimate shipping and delivery dates for you based on the availability of your items and the shipping options you choose. Depending on the shipping provider you choose, shipping date estimates may appear on the shipping quotes page.Please also note that the shipping rates for many items we sell are weight-based. The weight of any such item can be found on its detail page. To reflect the policies of the shipping companies we use, all weights will be rounded up to the next full pound.
Which items cannot be sent overseas?
Please note some of our items are too large to post overseas and some of them have pressurised gas, please find below a list of these items (there may be items not on the list that we are unable to send if this is the case we will advise you by email): 
Gas Lifts 
Please note our shipping charges do not allow for any charges levied by Customs in the destination country, nor do we accept responsibility for paying such charges.]
Help! I haven't received my parcel, what should I do?
Contact us - we will do everything we can to help. If an item sent by post or courier has not been received it can often be found at the local sorting office awaiting collection, If not, couriers have a specific procedure that we can follow in the event of a missing parcel. If your order has been dispatched with a courier then we can track and trace it using their online system. For deliveries to Europe and the rest of the world; if your item is not collected and is returned to us then we will issue a refund minus the cost of postage too if not received, these items will not be deemed to be missing until two weeks have passed.