Buying Guide
    
    
        CATALOGUE
Our catalogue contains our range of shapes in one document. The shapes are shown 'actual size' in natural groupings along with a table indicating the options available.
Delivery Policy
United Kingdom
We ship all orders Monday to Friday and we aim to have orders out within 1-2 working days after receipt of the order. All of our orders are sent by Royal Mail 1st Class Post and the majority arrive within 2-3 working days of being shipped. So you can expect your order to arrive within 3-5 working days.
If you require your order more urgently then we can sometimes accommodate faster delivery, particularly if the good are in stock and it’s a weekday. Please let us know if the goods are urgent.
Orders over £100 in value receive free shipping.
If after one week you have not received your goods then please contact us at sales@copperenamelshapes.com
International Delivery Policy
International deliveries may take a little longer, usually 5-10 working days, depending on the destination country. We use Royal Mail to provide the quickest and most efficient service.
If after two weeks you have do received your goods then please contact us at sales@copperenamelshapes.com
Returns Policy - We offer a full refund including return shipping costs for any defective or incorrect item supplied. The refund time varies according to the time taken for us to receive back your return. For the UK EU & USA this would generally be within 14 days.
To return an item: "login" to your account and view the order using the "Complete Orders" link under the "My Account" menu - and click the "Return Item(s)" button. We'll notify you via e-mail of your refund once we've received back the returned item.
Privacy Policy – We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties.
OUR COPPER
Most of our shapes come in 2 thicknesses of copper. 0.9 mm (0.035“, 20 gauge) or 0.7 mm (0.028”, 22 gauge). All shapes are available in the heavier gauge, and most in the lighter gauge as well. If a shape is not available in both gauges it is often because the shape is either too intricate or too large to support a lighter gauge. The table on the following pages shows what gauges are available for each shape. Some shapes are also available in 1.2mm copper (0.047, 18 gauge). Please enquire.
Thicker metal provides more mechanical strength in shapes with thin parts, such as dragonflies or crosses, flat shapes larger than about 50 mm (2 in) or domed shapes larger than 55 mm (2.5 in).
For enamellers, it is also preferable if you do not plan to counter enamel the piece (that is, to enamel both back and front to balance out metal stresses) although in general counter enamelling is always strongly recommended.
For shapes 5 cms (2") or larger, and shapes with projections, like starfish, dragonflies, crosses or daisies, the thicker copper is pretty much essential.
Important Note for non‐UK customers: please be aware that gauges are sometimes measured using different standards. In the US for example, 22 and 20 gauge are a little less thick: 0.7 and 0.8mm respectively (American Wire Gauge).
We use very high quality BS 101, 99.9% pure phosphorus free copper, in a ‘half‐hard’ condition. When this grade of material is heated any firescale is even and free of flaking, making an ideal base for fine enamelling processes.
Many of our shapes can also be supplied in brass and aluminium. Please enquire for more information.
OUR SHAPES
Domed Shapes - Many of our shapes are domed or have a domed option.   Firstly, some enamelling just looks better on a domed surface. For example, the smooth gem like quality of a simple disc, especially when fired with transparent enamel onto a well prepared surface, is hard to beat. Secondly, domed shapes tend to suffer less heat distortion than flat shapes, so it is often possible to achieve good results without it while using the thinner gauge copper, although counter enamelling is always preferable. 
Piercing - Many shapes are offered pierced for use as pendants or double pierced so that they can be linked together to form pendants or bracelets. The catalogue contains a table showing piercing options for all shapes.
Specials - We are always happy to quote for special orders. We can cut sheet in to larger geometric shapes and we can even make tools to produce a customer’s own design. Please ask by contacting us.
TERMS & CONDITIONS
Buying in Bulk - We can supply large quantities at wholesale prices, please contact us for a quote.
Special Orders - If you can't find what you need on the site then contact us. Sometimes basic shapes can be pierced or modified, discs can be halved, rectangles supplied lugged or cut to your reqiuired size etc. etc. 