Return Policy
If you are not 100% satisfied with our products, you may return it within 1 year of purchase for a refund. This ONLY applies to merchandise purchased directly from our official website and NOT third party markets such as Amazon or eBay, etc . . .
We require proof of purchase to honor a refund or exchange. Please include your proof of purchase(Copy of receipt) with the product(s) you wish to return or exchange when shipping your item to us. We will reimburse the original purchase price to your original method of payment or as store credit per stipulations below.
If the item being returned (Within 30 days) is due to buyers remorse, a purchase of the incorrect item, or for any reason not related to product failure, customer is responsible for return shipping costs (including shipping insurance), plus up to a 10% restocking fee.
If at any time, up to 1 year from the date of purchase you experience some defect with your cover that is due to a manufacturers mistake you may return the item to us and we will send you out a replacement cover.
Special Conditions:
We make an effort to handle every return or exchange with reasonableness and fairness. We do not accept returns or exchanges (even within 1 year of purchase) in certain situations.

Product damaged by misuse, abuse, improper care or negligence, or accidents (Such as pet damage)
Products showing excessive wear and tear. Generally speaking, if the product is nearing the end of its practical use or looks heavily worn.
Products lost or damaged due to natural disasters, etc
Products with missing labels or label that has been defaced
Products returned for personal reasons unrelated to product performance or satisfaction
Products that have been soiled or contaminated
Habitual abuse of our Return Policy
Altered products, special orders or personalized items and items identified as “final sale” cannot be returned
Items marked as clearance cannot be returned.
Items shipped internationally cannot be returned.
Specific categories, including: face masks, unless unopened and in original packaging
Dust Covers For You!® reserves the right, at it’s sole discretion, to determine if returned merchandise is in saleable condition

Please contact us using our ‘Contact Us’ page or the chat box to initiate a refund or exchange. DO NOT send your cover back without authorization, otherwise, you may not receive a refund or exchange.
Return Address: Dust Covers For You! – Returns | 1322 Ranchero Rd Ste 10 Kerrville, Tx 78028			