All new clocks will be delivered free of charge to any mainland address in the United Kingdom (some exclusions apply - see below for details).  If a clock is in stock it can usually be delivered within 2-3 days.  However, as many of the clocks are made to order or will be made to specific customer requirements, delivery can take longer.  In all circumstances we will endeavour to keep you up to date with estimated delivery times and order processing.
Free Delivery Exclusions - Due to the size and weight of certain weight driven wall and longcase clocks, these cannot be shipped using our normal method.  They will be specially packed and shipped to you using a specialist shipping company.  Where shipping will be charged, this will be highlighted on the specific product page.  Please don't hesitate to contact us for shipping information.  Antique Clocks
*All antique clocks (excluding longcase clocks) will be delivered within the UK, by insured courier at a cost of £25. Antique longcase clocks will be delivered within the UK, by insured shipper at a cost of £100.
International Customers
For international shipping please contact us for a quotation.
 
As clock specialists when you buy a clock from Glenbryde we are able to give you more - we give you a free extended one-year warranty on new mechanical clocks priced over £500. (excludes 'The Meridian' clock), This extra warranty is over and above the standard manufacturer's warranty, therefore you benefit both from the warranty from the clock manufacturers, as well as the extra warranty and after-sales support from Glenbryde, the mechanical clock experts. 
All antique clocks & barometers come with a minimum of 12 months warranty.Details:The Free extra warranty is valid on mechanical clocks purchased after October 1st 2012.This warranty is provided in the following way.  All Comitti, Hermle, Kieninger, Matthew Norman and L’Epee clocks come with a 2 year manufacturers warranty.  At the point that the manufacturers warranty expires Glenbryde will provide a further full year warranty against mechanical failure.This guarantee is in addition to any statutory rights which you may have.  Cover for damage is not provided due to negligence, mishandling or attempted repair by anyone other than Glenbryde.  The cost of returning the clock for warranty repairs will be met by the customer. For warranty repairs please contact our service department on 01294 829839 or e-mail info@glenbryde.com before returning faulty goods.  We advise that you retain the original product packaging.
 
We believe that our prices are the most competitive and along with the free extra year warranty there is no reason to look elsewhere when purchasing a clock.  However, if you do find the same clock available elsewhere for less, contact us, and we will do our best to match it*.
*Price Match Policy: The same clock must be on sale and in stock from a website or shop located in the United Kingdom.  Price match cannot be done retrospectively, so please contact us before ordering.
 
When purchasing a clock from Glenbryde it's important to know that you are buying from a company with experience and expertise in working with clocks.  We don't just sell clocks, we know about clocks - how they work, how to set them up, how to look after them over the years. We can provide the technical specifications required to help you choose the clock for you, and we are able to support all sales with full after-sale technical support for your peace of mind.  Should you require further assistance with your clock in years to come we have a fully equipped workshop which allows us to undertake all types of clock servicing and repair.  
Owner Alisdair Morrow has over 15 years experience in handling mechanical clocks, both antique and new.
 
At Glenbryde, we know that our customers value the personal touch.  We aim for 100% customer satisfaction. You can call and speak to someone in our showroom in the UK for your convenience and peace of mind.  We can help with choosing the clock that is right for you.  We keep you informed each step of the way, from initial ordering, to progress on made-to-order clocks, to delivery and set-up.  We also offer full after-care support, to ensure that you enjoy your clock to its full potential.  In short, we offer excellent, reliable, old-fashioned friendly and efficient service.
 
We specialise in the sale of antique and new mechanical clocks and barometers.  Mechanical clocks and barometers are our business. We love clocks and barometers so much we don't sell anything else!  Therefore you can trust that we know about these clocks and barometers, and can provide the technical specifications and support required. 
 
We source clocks made by traditional craftsmen in the UK, Europe (primarily Germany), or in the USA, specially selected for their quality and beauty.  We know the makers of these clocks.  We really believe in these clocks and are confident about their high quality, which is why we are pleased to offer a free extra one year guarantee over-and-above the manufacturer's warranty.
 
We want all customers to have complete peace of mind when shopping at Glenbryde, which is why we offer a no quibble guarantee. If for any reason you are not entirely satisfied with your purchase you can return it to us within 14 days for a full refund (less shipping charges; excludes any clocks which have been made to order).
Items must be returned in unused condition, in the original packaging.
 
We have well over 500 different clocks on offer, making us one of the largest retailers of mechanical clocks in the UK. We sell all types of clocks, from antique to new, traditional to contemporary, from small mantels to large longcase clocks.  We sell clocks in a variety of different finishes to complement any interior (oak, walnut, yew, mahogany, glass, slate, etc.), and with prices to suit any budget - from quartz to classic to speciality and limited-edition bespoke clocks.
 
We are more than just an on-line retailer.  We have a clock showroom in the delightfully charming village of West Kilbride in Ayrshire, which is Scotland's official and only-designated Craft and Design Town.  Thus we are an established company, based in the UK.  We can be contacted easily by telephone for your convenience and peace of mind.  You are very welcome indeed to pop in to our showroom whenever you are in the area.  A visit to Glenbryde is time well spent!
You can visit the showroom Monday-Friday 10am-5pm to see for yourself the amazing range of clocks, or call us on 01294 254254 and we will be very happy to assist you with any questions you may have.