    Shipping
 
We can ship to all 50 States.  If you reside in Alaska, Hawaii, APO/FPO/DPO, US Territories, the costs are based on a % of the order. Cannot ship to PO boxes.
 
When you place an order, it will be handled and tracking information provided within 2-3 business days. Weekends and holidays are not included.  If you reside in Alaska, Hawaii, APO/FPO/DPO, US Territories, shipping times and delivery will depend upon location.
 
International Shipping:  You may contact us for a quote and we will be happy to accommodate your request.
 
In the very unlikely event that your item is lost or damaged during shipment, then we will work with you in rectifying. Please note that we cannot claim responsibility for loss, damage, or lateness due to the carrier.
 
Although rare, an item may occasionally be unavailable at the time of purchase due to our warehouse outlets not updating simultaneously. In the unlikely event that this happens to you, you will be issued an immediate refund with a sincere apology for the inconvenience.
  
 Returns
 
We ask that you contact us directly before opening a return. We are happy to explore potential solutions with you, including the option of an exchange. If specific parts are required, there's a possibility we can arrange to have them sent directly to you.
 
All returns must be authorized. With many of our items being mechanical, the opportunity to rectify includes a request for photos of the item(s), photos of the original packaging or at times, video, to demonstrate the issue.
 
You may return most new, unopened items within 30 days of delivery. Once we are in receipt of the returned item, it must be inspected and deemed acceptable prior to any action being issued. At that time, an exchange or refund will be granted accordingly.
 
We are unable to accept any returns for items worn, stained, altered, have missing parts or smoke damage. Items such as costumes, undergarments, cosmetics, latex masks, wigs, facial hair, prosthetics, placed in mouth or face, socks or shoes must be unopened due to hygiene reasons.
 
Refunds will be processed with a 15% restocking fee along with initial shipping costs for items no longer needed due to buyer's remorse. If you should have any questions or concerns regarding these withheld funds, please feel free to reach out to us.
  
Cancellations
 
Orders are processed quickly thru the largest warehouse of Halloween inventory in the country. When placed, your order goes immediately in line for processing and becomes active. Therefore, and in most cases, cancellation requests cannot be granted.