Delivery & Returns
    
        
        
    
        
                DeliveryWe want you to have your order ASAP. All orders are normally dispatched within 1 working day by either Royal Mail Tracked or Signed For services, Parcelforce Tracked Signed For service or DPD Tracked Signed For service; we reserve the right to use other courier’s dependant on your delivery destination. More often than not our couriers will deliver your order next working day (mainland UK only), but on occasion (during busy periods) may deliver within 2-3 working days (UK). We also deliver to the majority of Europe and Worldwide destinations.All products advertised are held in stock at our shop and warehouse and are ready to be dispatched or collected in person.  If you prefer to Click and Collect in person from our shop, please see our opening times on our About Us page.COVID-19 Corona Virus update – due to the current situation our shop is closed to the public for the time being for the safety of both customers and our staff.  We are still open for business on limited days/hours and limited staff numbers and are continuing to dispatch orders via couriers on limited days.  However, please bear with us as our customer service response time may be a little longer than usual.  Please rest assured that your order will be dispatched within 1-3 business days from date of purchase.  If you prefer to Click and Collect in person from our shop then it is not a problem, however, please may we urge customers to adhere to the Government guidelines on social distancing.  It would be preferable if you contact us by email after placing your order to check on the days, we will be open to collect your order.Returns & RefundsIf you need to return your purchase to us please contact help@hypedsports.com to request a "returns reference number" (within 14 days) from receipt of order stating the reason for your return. Please return (within 7 days) from receipt of “returns reference number” postage and packaging at your cost. We will either refund or replace your item subject to availability. The refund of the original transaction will be less the original postage and packaging cost (please note there will be a deduction even if the original purchase price included delivery charge, unfortunately there would have been a delivery cost incurred in getting the original purchase shipped to you). Returns will only be accepted if item/s are unused and unopened in all original packaging including original seals intact. If you are not happy with these terms, we would prefer that you do not purchase from us, we thank you for your business.Please ensure you write your "returns reference number" on the address label, if this is not included your refund or replacement will be delayed.If you prefer to return your item in person to our shop, please see our opening times on our About Us page.