Shipping & Warranty


        
        
        
            Warranty PolicyAll of our Xbox Series X/S, PS5 and PS4  Controllers are made of the highest quality but if you should somehow receive a defective controller don't worry, you are covered. We offer a 90 day warranty standard on any controller we make. This warranty covers the inner workings of the controller for instance things such as a malfunction in the mod or a burnt out LED. We do not cover damaged items due to water, impact, neglect, wear, etc. (removing seal will void warranty) If you have any questions please e-mail us and we will address them immediately as your satisfaction is our number one priority.
Protection Plans
All controllers at KwikBoy Modz have protection plans available for purchase at the time of your order. These plans are through a third-party (Clyde) and are available from 1-3 years. These protection plans cover almost everything from defect to damages such as drops and liquids. If you have purchased a plan through Clyde, you'll receive your claim information in an email from Clyde once your controller has shipped.
Return Policy
We offer a 5 day return policy if you are not fully satisfied with our product(This Does Not Include Send In Service or Any Controller with Custom Names, Logos or Clan Emblems Which Are Non-Returnable). Returns will be granted at the sole discretion of KwikBoy Modz. Controllers exhibiting any use, abuse or wear WILL NOT be accepted for return. All orders will incur a 20% Restocking Fee and Shipping costs. If an order is cancelled after it has been placed, your refunded amount will be 20% less the original cost (To cover fees) and any lost parts or labor incurred by KwikBoy Modz. 
-Under NO circumstances will we accept returns because product is not "AS PICTURED". Each order is unique, and we have over 200+ options and combinations for your controller, it is not our responsibility to add anything you do not select and pay for.
Holiday Build Times
As all of our controllers are custom made and painted to order. Average build times are 8 weeks, however during the holiday season, all orders for Christmas delivery must be placed before November 30th! These items may ship sooner and definitive build time will depend on the design, controller and options chosen. 
Rush Processing
The Rush Processing option is available on select controller and is an additional cost. If chosen, the controller will ship within 2 weeks. If for some reason we are unable to meet the 2 week window, the cost paid for this option will be refunded once your controller ships.
ShippingWe can ship to virtually any address in the world!Please also note that the shipping rates for many items we sell are weight-based. To reflect the policies of the shipping companies we use, all weights are calculated live from USPS, FedEx and DHL without any markup so you receive our discounted rates.
- International orders may be subject to customs fees or tax which KwikBoy Modz, LLC. is not responsible for.
- All of our controllers are made to order so please allow up to 8 weeks for your controller to be completed and shipped (though many ship sooner).
 
Affirm - If one or more items in your order has an extended ship date, your loan payment(s), including interest, may be due before the merchant ships all of the items. Please note that you may not receive a rebate of any interest that may have already accrued on an amount that later gets refunded.