Shipping & Returns Policy


        
                AUDIO PRODUCTS: 

Audio devices may not be used to violate the privacy rights of others. In no way will Spy Associates or its subsidiaries or partners be held responsible for inappropriate use of these products.
What does Manual Verification Required mean?
After placing your order, you may get a notice that states manual verification required. This is built in to our system to protect all customers and non customers against fraudulent activities. Our staff is immediately notified when this occurs. This typically takes an hour or less for our team to resolve. There is nothing you need to do unless we contact you directly. Sometimes it may mean your credit card address has a mismatch, or the IP address from where you placed the order is different than that of your expected location. 
FREE Ground Shipping On All Items Over $199
Receive free ground shipping on all items we carry when it meets the qualified threshold. Depending on your location, carrier may vary depending on maximizing delivery speed to your location. In order to qualify the total of your entire order must be over $199 after coupon codes or discounts. No exceptions   
Same Day Shipping - Order By 2pm EST Monday - Friday
Your Order will be given to the shipping carrier the same day you place the order, not including national holidays & weekends. Shipping days do NOT include weekends UNLESS you order SATURDAY DELIVERY at checkout. Any order placed after 2pm weekdays or on Saturday / Sunday will be shipped out the next business day.
Some custom built products may require up to 48 hours, which includes custom audio add-ons that may require 72 hours. You will be notified of any delays as soon as possible.
International Shipping & Customs
YES! We ship worldwide. On International Orders, any CUSTOMS FEES are the responsibility of the purchaser NOT SpyAssociates. Every country's import rules are different, so it's impossible to guess how much, and if any fees may apply.
Return Policy
We test all of our products before shipping to ensure they are in working order.

Your Satisfaction Is Our Number One Concern

REQUESTS TO RETURN PRODUCTS MUST BE OBTAINED FROM Spy Associates WITHIN A TEN (10) DAY PERIOD ONCE THE CUSTOMER HAS RECEIVED THE PRODUCT(S).
All products are considered 'special ordered" by the person ordering and are "NOT" subject to cancellations - any cancellations authorized will be assessed small fee not to exceed 5% order cost. Due to the nature of our product line, returns will only be accepted for products damaged upon shipment to the customer*. All returns must be authorized by SpyAssociates.com before product(s) is returned. SpyAssociates.com will replace, refund, or credit your account for returned product(s) at SpyAssociates.com's discretion. We have been forced to implement this policy because of the attraction of our products to unscrupulous people who return products after they have profitably gained from the short-term use of the products. Any fees related to return freight for repairs or replacement items shall be covered by the end user. 
Audio Counter Surveillance, Bug Sweep Products & Software Products are Non-Refundable and cannot be returned under any circumstances. FREE TECH SUPPORT is offered as needed.
*Special exceptions may be made on a case by case basis determined by SpyAssociates.com. In this event, returns are subject to deductions for shipping costs and UP TO a 25% restocking charge and must be returned within a ten (10) day period from date of RMA authorization issued. NO refunds will be given for products returned without explicit RMA permission from SpyAssociates.com.

You Are Guaranteed QUICK & ACCURATE Service


All returns must be authorized by a representative of SpyAssociates.com and under no circumstances will returns be accepted otherwise.
Every return is subject to a 10% Re-Stock fee to offset all inspection and repackaging costs associated with such return.
Any returns that are authorized and returned heavily used may be assessed up to a 50% restock. This prohibits abusive buyers.
Authorization and shipping instructions must be obtained from SpyAssociates.com. No returns will be authorized after ten (10) business days of receipt of product(s) by the customer, unless found to be defective by our support team, in which case we will replace at no charge once returned with authorized RMA.
We at SpyAssociates.com strive to offer our customers the best products at the best possible prices. Due to the nature of the products, returns will not be accepted unless the product is found to be defective or unless otherwise explicitly stated on the specific SpyAssociates.com product page.
Shipping & Handling Charges Are Non-refundable.
We strive to sell only legal products to legal purchasers. We are not responsible for any purchase or use of our merchandise which is in violation of any applicable law or regulation. We are not responsible to you or any third party for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, arising out of use, misuse or inability to use any of our products.
Our devices may not be used to violate the privacy rights of others. In no way will SpyAssociates.com nor any of its subsidiaries or partners be held responsible for inappropriate use of these products.
IT IS THE SOLE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE BUYER TO CONSULT LEGAL COUNSEL FOR THE INTERPRETATION OF ANY LAWS APPLICABLE TO THE AREA OF INTENDED USE OF THESE PRODUCTS.
It is your responsibility to ascertain and comply with all applicable local, state, and federal laws applicable to the purchase or use of our merchandise in your jurisdiction.
You are advised to contact an attorney licensed to practice law within your jurisdiction if you are unsure of the applicability of any law to the product you are purchasing or its intended use within your jurisdiction.
By placing an order, you represent that you are of legal age to purchase the product being purchased in your jurisdiction and that you will use the product only in a lawful manner.
For some orders we may offer various promotional codes to give discounts to customers. Each discount may be different per order depending on the total amount of the cart a customer is looking to purchase. All discount codes are calculated by a % of the total order or a single product by default giving customers a maximum discount up to a percentage of the total order amount. 
LEGAL STATUS OF PRODUCTS:
It is the responsibility of the Buyer (not the distributor), to ascertain and obey all applicable local, state and federal laws in regard to possession and use of any items listed on this web site. Consult an attorney or law enforcement professional, regarding local, state and federal laws before ordering. By placing an order, the Buyer represents that he/she is of legal age and that the products will be used only in a lawful manner. When applicable, equipment sold may be subject to Public Law 90-351, Title 111 18 U.S.C., Section 2511.
WARRANTY:
Every product receives FREE LIFETIME SUPPORT. We guarantee all SpyAssociates.com products to be free of defects in workmanship and material for 90 days (some manufacturer's warranty is one (1) year or lifetime - please see info on the page for specific product's details) after sale to the customer. We will replace or repair the product(s) at our option providing there is no evidence of customer misuse, or alteration.
