Holiday Delivery
 To help assure on-time delivery during the busy holiday season, place your order at least 1 day prior to the following major holidays: Thanksgiving Day, Christmas Day, New Year's Day, Valentine's Day, Easter, Administrative Professionals Week, Mother's Day, Memorial Day, Father's Day, Independence Day and Labor Day.
We are closed on these holidays: New Years Day, Easter, Fathers Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving and Christmas.
Same Day Delivery
If you order by 11:00 am in the recipient's time zone, we can typically deliver the flowers the same day Monday through Friday. For same day service on the weekend please order by 11:00 am on Saturday.
Specific Times
We are unable to guarantee delivery at a specific time, but we are normally able to deliver within four hours on orders. You may request a time frame in the special instruction box when ordering, and we will do our best to accommodate your request.
Delivery Times
Normal delivery times are 9am-5pm daily. During major holidays such as Valentine's Day and Mother's Day we offer extended hours and delivery times, call to verify.
Funeral Homes
These orders are our very highest priority. If you have ordered too late to make the funeral service we will call to let you know quickly so that you can make other arrangements or have something sent to the home of the family. If you do not know the zip code or exact address of the funeral home we will look it up for you. We normally contact the funeral home anyway to verify the time of the viewing and make arrangements for the flower delivery. If you have selected a delivery date that is before the actual viewing we will deliver to the viewing per the funeral home instructions.
Banners Funeral Arrangements
Due to the time-sensitivity of delivering funeral orders, if a banner is not available, we will fill your order to value, substituting the banner with more flowers for an even fuller arrangement.
PO Boxes
We are unable to deliver flowers to a P.O. Box or an A.P.O. addresses.
If no one is home
Depending on the delivery location, if the recipient is not available at the time of delivery, the delivery person may leave the gift in a safe place for the recipient to retrieve when they return, such as with a neighbor, or leave a message for the recipient to call to arrange for delivery.
Incorrect Addresses
If the recipient's address is incorrect and delivery was attempted to the address, there is a $10 address correction fee. We are not responsible for deliveries made to incorrect addresses submitted to us by the customer. If such a delivery is made, the customer assumes responsibility for the entire purchase.
Canceling or Changing an Order
Same-day orders are processed immediately, and usually cannot be changed. Due to the urgent nature of florist delivered products we are unable to cancel or change orders already in process at the florist, en route or delivered. Email changes or cancellations are NOT accepted. To cancel or change an order that has not been processed, please call immediately. All changes or cancellations MUST be verbal.
Recipient may be contacted
In some cases, the florist may contact the recipient to ensure s/he will be home to accept the delivery.
Request to leave item at door
The customer assumes all liability for requests to leave arrangements. We highly discourage special instructions requesting delivery to a doorstep, porch, yard or any location where the recipient cannot accept the arrangement themselves. We cannot be held responsible for missing or faulty product due to this special request.
Recipient refusal of delivery
If the recipient refuses to accept a delivery, you may be held fully liable for the cost of the gift.
Card Messages
The message that you write in the Card Message field is the message that is sent with the gift. We do not include any billing information with your order.
