Refund policy
  

  
    
        When you return a Product to us:1. Because you have cancelled the Contract between us within the fourteen-day cooling-off period (see Consumer Rights), we will process the refund due to you as soon as possible and, in any case, within 30 days of the day you have given notice of your cancellation. In this case, we will refund the price of the Product in full, including the minimum potential cost of sending the item to you.2. For any other reason (for instance, because you have notified us in accordance with the Consumer Rights Act 2015 and any subsequent updates that you do not agree to any change in these terms and conditions or in any of our policies, or because you claim that the Product is defective), we will examine the returned Product and will notify you of your refund via e-mail within a reasonable period of time. Please note, certain items are not eligible for returns and refunds for hygiene reasons - these include but are not limited to; Earrings, Teethers & Hipflasks. We will usually process the refund due to you as soon as possible and, in any case, within 30 days of the day we confirmed to you via e-mail that you were entitled to a refund for the defective Product.3. If you receive a damaged or faulty item, please contact us at sales@littlethistle.co.uk so that we can arrange for your item to be returned and replaced. Returns must be unused and returned along with the original packaging (this does not apply to damaged or faulty items). To cancel your online order please return your complete order packaged carefully in the original packaging to Little Thistle Returns, 1 Newark Place, Glenrothes, Fife, KY7 4NRRefunds will be processed on receipt of returned goods. You will be fully responsible for any cost incurred returning anything to us unless we agree to cover the cost due to a manufacturing fault prior to you sending the product.4. Products returned by you because of a defect will be refunded in full, including a refund of the delivery charges incurred by you for sending the item to you and returning it to us. We will process returned Products as quickly as possible and send you a refund or replacement. We will refund any money received from you using the same method originally used by you to pay for your purchase.5. Please obtain proof of posting (free from your Post Office) when returning goods, as we cannot provide a refund or exchange if we do not receive the original goods back. Unfortunately, we do not offer a free returns service (unless the Products are defective in accordance with clause .3).
 
If an order is for one of our products held in stock then they will be dispatched within 1 working day. A mixed order will always ship depending on the longest lead time product. This excludes Saturdays, Sundays or UK public holidays. If you are contracting as a consumer in the UK, you may cancel a Contract at any time within fourteen working days, depending on the items you have ordered. 

 
AVAILABILITY AND DELIVERY
1. We aim to have all orders dispatched in line with the manufacturing time specified on our website i.e. some of our products are hand made to order and not held in stock. If an order is for one of our products held in stock then they will typically be dispatched within 1 working day, stock permitting. A mixed order will always ship depending on the longest lead time product. If an item is temporarily out of stock, we will notify you of the delay and dispatch it as soon as it arrives.
Our shipping prices are based on the contents, delivery location and value of your order. If you would like an accurate price for shipping, please add all your products to cart and fill in the shipping information at checkout. This will automatically calculate the shipping cost for you and you are under no obligation to complete your order at this stage. 
UK delivery may be made in one or more instalments using a variety of carriers within 14 days of order being placed. We usually dispatch within 1 working day. This excludes Saturdays, Sundays or UK public holidays. We cannot dispatch by carrier or by Royal Mail Special Delivery on a Friday for guaranteed Next Day delivery. Delivery dates are approximate and no liability whatsoever is accepted in respect of late deliveries.
Without prejudice to your statutory rights we accept no liability for any failure to ship products where this results from acts of God, civil commotion, riots, flood, draught, fire, legislation or other factors outside our control, or our decision on reasonable grounds not to do so for reasons of suspicion of credit card fraud or similar, provided that we take all reasonable steps to notify you within fourteen (14) days of order placement that products will not be shipped as ordered. In such cases we will not process any payment or will refund any payment made, in full.
It is your responsibility to ensure that you order from us with sufficient lead-time to prevent any loss or disappointment resulting from non-shipment.
 
ORDERS
You are able to correct errors on your order only up to the point at which you complete the final page of our ordering process.
We reserve the right, at any time prior to acceptance, to refuse any order or any part of an order, or to require further or better information to enable us to evaluate and/or process the order.
Most orders are processed within 1 working day, excluding some handmade and personalised items. If for any reason your order cannot be fulfilled you will be notified in a timely manner, usually within 48 hours. See section 4. Availability and Delivery for further information.
GIFT CARDS1. Gift cards are delivered by email and contain instructions to redeem them at checkout. Our gift cards have no additional processing fees.2. Please note that gift cards can only be used online and cannot be spent in-store.3. Gift cards expire 1 year after they have been issued.4. Gift cards are non-refundable.5. The maximum value of gift card that can be purchased in any one order is £100.6. Gift cards will be dispatched by email to the designated email account as soon as payment has been cleared. It is the responsibility of the purchaser to ensure that the delivery email address entered is correct. We will not be responsible for the incorrect delivery of gift cards due to an error by a customer (such as, a mis-typed email address).7. We cannot be responsible if a gift card is used without permission, deleted, destroyed, corrupted, lost or stolen.8. We shall not be held responsible for gift cards that cannot be delivered due to the recipient's spam filters, capacity of the mailbox, firewalls or any other factors outside of our control.