Refund Policy
  
  
    Thank you for your purchase. We hope you are happy with your purchase. However, if you are not completely satisfied with your purchase for any reason, you may return it to us for a full refund. Please see below for more information on our return policy.
RETURNS
All returns must be postmarked within 30 days of the purchase date. All returned items must be in new and unused condition, with all original packaging, tags, and labels attached. There are no returns on custom sizes, floor models, or final sale items.
RETURN PROCESS
To return an item, please email customer service at info@mattressmiracle.ca to obtain a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number. After receiving an RMA number, place the item securely in its original packaging and include your proof of purchase, and mail your return to the following address:
Mattress Miracle441 1/2 West St,Brantford, ON,N3R 3V9
Please note, you will be responsible for all return shipping charges. We strongly recommend that you use a trackable method to mail your return.
REFUNDS
After receiving your return and inspecting the condition of your item, we will process your return. Please allow at least 3 days from the receipt of your item to process your return. Refunds may take 1-2 billing cycles to appear on your credit card statement, depending on your credit card company. We will notify you by email when your return has been processed.
QUESTIONS
If you have any questions concerning our return policy, please contact us at: info@mattressmiracle.ca
REFUNDS After receiving your return and inspecting the condition of your item, we will process your return. Please allow at least 3 days from the receipt of your item to process your return. [Refunds may take 1-2 billing cycles to appear on your credit card statement, depending on your credit card company.] We will notify you by email when your return has been processed.​Please Note A 10% restocking fee will be charged for all returns in excess of $100. Sale items are FINAL SALE and cannot be returned.​QUESTIONS If you have any questions concerning our return policy, please contact us at: info@mattressmiracle.ca