Shipping & Returns


    
             

 3 Week Rush Shipping Included!
We are happy to announce that we are offering 3 Week Rush Shipping Free (Limited time offer). Please see below for more details.




INCLUDED THREE WEEK RUSH SHIPPING!


We are happy to announce that we can offer 3 Week Rush Order at NO ADDITIONAL CHARGE to you. Due to our increased volume with the factories and the factories offering us more production slots we have been able to reduce our lead times to 3 weeks from the normal 4-5-weeks production time. In the past this RUSH SHIPPING was at an additional $75 charge. There are a few simple rules that apply.
The 3 week rush shipping starts after all dimensions and questions regarding your order have been confirmed by you. Two Week Ship does not include the freight time that it takes to get the cover to you. Normal delivery times can run 1-7 days depending on where you are located.
The 3 Week Rush Shipping is on best efforts and not guaranteed and not implied as a guarantee. Since this is a Free Offer, there is no recourse offered to end consumer as factories will try their best.
If you have any questions, please reach out to our customer service desk at sales@northernhottubcovers.com 
Thank you once again for allowing us to make your new hot tub cover! 



Shipping Policy
 


Your Northern Hot Tub Cover is custom-built to fit your hot tub. It is built in Canada at one of our 2 factories (Ontario and BC) and shipped directly to you from the factory. Since all covers are custom orders, your cover should arrive within 4-5 weeks (seasonal dependent). 
Please be aware that our Free Shipping Policy does not include the Northwest Territories, Yukon Territory and NFLD. Shipping charges may also apply to other rural areas. Free Shipping is included to all major urban areas of Canada. 
If you are located outside of the coverage area and do not wish to pay the additional delivery charges, we will ship to the nearest local depot for pick up at no additional cost to you. Please contact us to inquire where that depot is located so you can decide what is the best option for you. You can contact us by phone at 1-888-356-4202 or email at sales@northernhottubcovers.com

Your Northern Hot Tub Cover will be delivered by KTL Express, Ace, or Sameday (Day & Ross) freight company. You will be provided with a tracking number assigned to your order once the order is ready to leave. This will be sent to the email address you provide to us when placing your order. If you do not receive this email, please check your junk mail folder. If no one is home to accept the delivery, the carrier will leave the cover with no signature required. 
 
Hot Tub Covers which are ordered with our Quick Ship Policy will be shipped out from the factory within 3 weeks or sooner and are processed the following day. Weekends and Holiday's do not count as a normal business day. Once it leaves the factory it could take between 1-7 days to arrive from the freight company depending on what province you are from. We will offer a refund on the Quick Ship if we are extremely late on the product leaving the factory on a graduated refund scale as the program is not a guarantee. We can not honor the Quick Ship program during the Christmas Season as all of the Factories close for 3 weeks. If you have any questions please contact us. 
 
Return Policy
If you wish to cancel your order prior to production, a $75.00 cancellation fee will apply. These are custom orders, so once production begins we can not cancel your order. All sales are final. We don't accept returns on custom hot tub covers. If you receive a product that is damaged please do not accept it without marking the damage on the bill of landing. All damages have to be reported within 48 hours or we have no recourse with shipping company.
IMPORTANT NOTE: We guarantee a perfect fit for your cover based on the measurements that you have given to us, so we recommend that you double check your measurements and fold orientation for ultimate satisfaction with your new cover. If you are unsure about how to measure or have questions about ordering, please contact us before placing your order. Northern Hot Tub Covers is not responsible for errors in measurements. Northern Hot Tub Covers also reserves the right to improve the product through changes in design or material without obligation to incorporate such changes in the products prior to manufacture. All images displayed on website are for reference and not actual representation. If you have any questions please contact us before order at 1-888-356-4202
Phone Orders 1-888-356-4202
While we are an online ordering service we will still take your order over the phone. Once you place an order over the phone you will receive an email confirmation within 48 Hours. It is YOUR responsibility to confirm that your order information, contact, billing and shipping information is correct. If you do not receive an email please check your spam/junk mail folder. If you still haven't received an email then please contact us.
Shipping Dates & Production Timelines
All of our replacement hot tub covers are custom made in 2 factories in Canada to your specifications, colour and quality. We are 100% Canadian Made ! Normal production times are 4-5 weeks however can fluctuate during the different times of the year.