Return Policy


    
  
  
    
    


  
    It is Office Sign Company’s mission to provide every customer with the highest quality office signs and full color name plates for their business, professional environment, or entryway. For that reason alone, every sign product we offer is manufactured with your satisfaction in mind.
 
Prior to a sign leaving our facility, it is carefully checked by our quality control staff to ensure that the product is free of any defect in material or workmanship. In the rare event that an office sign does show up with defect or damage, please notify our customer service team by emailing service@officesigncompany.com or call us at 701-526-3835 within 30 days of order receipt if you wish to replace or be refunded for a damaged sign.
 
If you receive a custom office sign that is damaged or defective, Office Sign Company will reproduce it as originally ordered and ship it free of charge. If you would prefer to receive a refund, we will also honor that as long as you notify us within 30 days of purchase date.
 
If there are no defects or damages, please note: refunds and exchanges for custom products will not be granted/ Stock products (those which do not require custom fabrication, i.e. partition pins, cubicle fangs, etc.), can be returned within 30 days of the purchase date if they are unused/unattached, however they will be subject to a 25% restocking fee. The customer is responsible for the cost to return an item that is undamaged or has no defects. 
 
Please note: we are not responsible for any errors that are entered by the customer. Office signs, name badges, and any other products ordered on OfficeSignCompany.com that have been submitted with errors made by the customer do not apply for a credit, return, or replacement If your order has already gone into production, we are unable to provide reimbursement or change the order without a charge. Canceled orders must be canceled prior to production & shipping. Please contact us immediately if a change needs to be made to your order.
Refused or undeliverable shipments will incur additional ground expense charges, as Office Sign Company is also charged from FedEx or any delivery method, for shipments that are sent back to our location
Office Sign Company does not offer warranties on our products, unless otherwise specified on the product listing itself. We stand by the quality of every sign we offer – from our custom door nameplates, to our dimensional lettering – but as an e-commerce company, we do not offer a warranty on the products we sell. Signs are subject to aging based on environmental factors such as the sun, weather, and location to the ocean, but also due to human interaction and misuse. Since we sell such a wide variety of products to a diverse number of locations, a one-size fits all warranty service for our products is nearly impossible. That being said, we stand by the quality of the signs we make and the quality of the service we offer. If you have any questions or concerns regarding any of our sign products, please contact us at service@officesigncompany.com or by calling 701-526-3835 so one of our helpful representatives can put your worries to rest.
Without great customers like you, we would not be able to operate as a business. Thank you to everyone who continues to trust Office Sign Company to beautify their offices, buildings, and homes with our signage. We sincerely appreciate your business and look forward to serving you now and in the future!