Shipping & Returns


    

    
            Returns Policy
Returns:  Returns are accepted on items that are found to be faulty or that are not as described.  Notification of returns are required within 7 days of receipt upon which a return number and instructions will be supplied.  Returns goods are expected to arrive back with us within 14 days.  Items that are simply "not required" will be subject to a 25% restocking fee and must be returned in their original state.  All returns must be communicated prior to shipping to us.
 
Cut to length: If your Item is cut to length there will be a minimum requirement of a continous 10 yards to be eligible for return. Returns on these item will be subject to the 25% restocking fee. This is to help us eliminate remnant stock which can be hard for us to resell.
 
Exchange: In Certain cases exchanges can be made if the item you purchase is not "working" with your project.  Items that have been custom cut will carry a 25% restocking charge and the customer is responsible for firstly communicating the request and obtaining an exchange agreement number & instructions.  Customer is also responsible for the return shipping and the exchange shipping charges.
All Returns will be credited via store credit.If you need to return an item, simply login to your account, view the order using the "Complete Orders" link under the My Account menu and click the Return Item(s) button. We'll notify you via e-mail of your store credit once we've received and processed the returned item.
 
Please feel free to reach out to us with any questions or concerns at Patchworkpandatrims@gmail.comShippingWe can ship to virtually any address in the world. Note that there are restrictions on some products, and some products cannot be shipped to international destinations.When you place an order, we will estimate shipping and delivery dates for you based on the availability of your items and the shipping options you choose. Depending on the shipping provider you choose, shipping date estimates may appear on the shipping quotes page.Please also note that the shipping rates for many items we sell are weight-based. The weight of any such item can be found on its detail page. To reflect the policies of the shipping companies we use, all weights will be rounded up to the next full pound.