All orders are subject to availability. SIGMA RIDGE DOES NOT CARRY INVENTORY. Need help? Call us 1 (929) 320-0010

        
      
  
    Refund policy
  

  
    
        4. ReturnsAny return of the products purchased hereunder, whether for stock balancing purposes or because such products are claimed to be defective, shall be governed by Sigma Ridge's product return policies in effect on the date of the invoice, or as otherwise provided by Sigma Ridge to buyer in writing. Sigma Ridge's product return policies are located at www.sigmaridge.com. Sigma Ridge reserves the right to modify or eliminate such policies at any time. Although Sigma Ridge's policies may permit buyer to return products claimed to be defective under certain circumstances, Sigma Ridge makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to the products. Sigma Ridge hereby disclaims all representations and warranties, express or implied, as to the products, including, but not limited to, any implied warranty of merchantability, non-infringement or fitness for a particular purpose. Sigma Ridge will not be liable for any damage, loss, cost or expense for breach of warranty. The right to return defective products, as previously described, shall constitute Sigma Ridge's sole liability and buyer's exclusive remedy in connection with any claim of any kind relating to the quality, condition or performance of any product, whether such claim is based upon principles of contract, warranty, negligence or other tort, breach of any statutory duty, principles of indemnity or contribution, the failure of any limited or exclusive remedy to achieve its essential purpose, or otherwise. In the event Sigma Ridge issues a return authorization to buyer allowing buyer to return product to Sigma Ridge, buyer will deliver the product to Sigma Ridge's address in the united states, if so required by Sigma Ridge, and buyer shall bear all applicable federal, state, municipal and other government taxes (such as sales, use and similar taxes) as well as import or customs duties, license fees and similar charges, however designated or levied, on any replacement product to be shipped by Sigma Ridge to buyer. A 15% re-stocking fee applies to all returned products. For Google shoppers and Amazon shoppers: there is a $30 restocking fee and returns are allowed with same packaging and new condition up to 30 days after purchase.