Refund policy
  

  
    
        Cancelations 
You can cancel your order if it has not been processed - usually (but not always) within the first 24 hours. We would need to check on the status of your order to determine if we can cancel it for a full refund. If you placed an order in error, or placed an order for the wrong product, contact us as soon as possible, and we'll work with you to rectify or cancel your order.
Returns | Exchange | Refund
Our return, exchange or refund policy is 30 days. If 30 days have elapsed since your purchase, unfortunately, we can’t offer you a refund or exchange. To be eligible for an exchange or refund, your item must be unused and in the same condition that you received it. Please contact us FIRST by email to determine the best course of action.
In some limited cases, you may not have to return the product to get an exchange or refund. In your email to us, include as much detail about your order & product as possible for us to find it in our system; e.g. order number, email address and/or order date.
Additional non-returnable items: Gift cards
Refunds (if applicable)
If we approve that you cancel and/or return the product you ordered, and optionally, you ship it to us, we will inspect it to determine whether a refund is applicable. We will notify you of the approval or rejection of your refund based on the condition of the returned product and whether the product was returned within the Return Policy timeframe. If you are approved, then your refund will be processed, and a credit will automatically be applied to your credit card or original method of payment, within at most 2 business days. If you feel the need to expedite this process or inquire further, you can contact us sooner. 
Late or missing refunds (if applicable)
If you haven’t received a refund that was recently approved and that was confirmed via email, first check with your bank or credit card company, as it may take some time before your refund is officially posted. If you’ve done all of this and you still have not received your refund, contact us.
Exchanges (if applicable)
We only replace items if they are defective or damaged. If you need to exchange it for the same item, send us an email including the picture of the defective item, and we'll go from there. 
Gifts If the item was marked as a gift when purchased and shipped directly to you, you’ll receive a gift credit for the value of your return. Once the returned item is received, a gift certificate will be mailed to you.
If the item wasn’t marked as a gift when purchased, or the gift giver had the order shipped to themselves to give to you later, we will send a refund to the gift giver and he/she/they will be notified of your return.
Shipping Contact us FIRST by email before shipping back your product. In some limited cases, you may not have to return your product to get an exchange or refund. Other acceptable forms of evidence could be electronic (pictures) to determine the state of your products.
Assuming we approve that you return your product to us, use the mailing address on our Contact Us page.
Check with us before shipping back and item to our address. Depending on whether we authorize you to ship back merchandise to us, we'll provide you with a shipping return label. 
Depending on where you live, the time it may take for your exchanged product to reach you, may vary.
If you are shipping an item over $75, you should consider using a trackable shipping service or purchasing shipping insurance. We don’t guarantee that we will receive your returned item.