Returns


    
            MISSING MERCHANDISE FROM YOUR ORDER? YOU MUST CALL WITHIN 48 HOURS TO RESOLVE THIS PROBLEM. DO NOT EMAIL WITH THIS PROBLEM.The StarStuff.com A to Z Satisfaction Guarantee:Almost all items are eligible for return unless otherwise noted on the items page or category.  Items not eligible for return include very large or heavy items over 40 pounds such as amethyst and citrine cathedral geodes, advertised wholesale lots, and other bulk quantity items. You can request a return from the your account pages order history within 14 days of your order.  Simply click on the return items link under the order status.  If you checked out as a guest your must obtain return authorization (RMA number) by phone within 5 days of receipt of goods.  Please have your invoice with you when you call.  419 522 1933Returns will be accepted for damaged goods, wrong merchandise or for dissatisfaction of any kind. You may request same merchandise replacement or store credit for merchandise of equal value.   Items must be returned to StarStuff.Rocks , 371 Marion Avenue, Mansfield, Ohio 44903. Shipments returned without authorization will not be accepted.  Unless processed through our website StarStuff.Rocks will not accept notification of returns or refunds by email or by fax. You must call 419-522-1933 for your RMA authorization.StarStuff.Rocks will reimburse for return shipping costs only for errors caused by us and will not reimburse for proof of delivery or insurance costs or any expedited return costs unless specifically instructed to do so by us. StarStuff.Rocks will make all refunds within 15 days of acceptance of the return and reserves the right to choose the method of refund.  FAILURE TO FOLLOW THE ABOVE INSTRUCTIONS COULD RESULT IN A REFUSAL OF YOUR CLAIM OR RETURN.  All returns not related to shipping damage may be subject to a restocking fee depending upon if an item shows wear or use or damage caused by the recipient. If you have questions and need to Contact Us please feel free to do so and please do include your order number and details about the product you would like to return.  We will respond quickly with instructions on what to do next.