Privacy Policy


    
            Effective as of June, 2014
 
Thank you for visiting BeachLifeguard.com.  We strive to provide our customers with a positive online shopping experience and want you to know that your protection is important to us.  We have taken all necessary steps in accordance with accepted industry practice to protect the security and privacy of our customer’s personal information.
 
This privacy statement describes BeachLifeguard.com collects and uses the personal information you provide on any and all of its owned and operated websites. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. The site you are visiting is owned and operated by BeachLifeguard.com.
 
COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
 
When you transact, we collect the following personal information from you:

Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number
Billing Information such as credit card number and billing address
Unique Identifiers such as user name, account number, password
Preferences Information such as product wish lists, order history, marketing preferences

 
SOME OF THE WAYS WE USE THIS INFORMATION IS TO:

Fulfill, confirm and track your order,
Identify your product and service preferences,
Send product updates or warranty information,
Respond to inquiries and customer service requests,
Administer your account,
Improve our Website, service, product offerings, marketing and promotional efforts, and overall customer experience,
Prevent and detect fraud or abuse,
Conduct research and analysis to better understand our customer,
Display content based upon your interests,
Facilitate your transactions with other users

 
CHOICE/OPT-OUT
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or you can contact us at info@beachlifeguard.com. Opting out of newsletters and marketing emails will not affect communication via email or telephone relating to your orders.
When we enable you to create a profile, and share information such as messages, photos, and videos with others, we cannot control the actions of others with whom you may choose to share your pages and information.
 
INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM THIRD PARTIES
If you provide us personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.
 
You can import contacts from your address software, contact list on your mobile device, or other email account address book to invite them to become members of our site or to interact with them about BeachLifeguard.com. We collect the username and password for the email account you wish to import your contacts from, or the information in your contact list and will only use it for that purpose.
 
INFORMATION SHARING
While we may collect, use and share your personally identifiable information for any lawful purpose, we will share your payment information with third parties in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
 
We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities including but not limited to shipping your order or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us and help complete the transaction.
If you choose to provide information to us through our online registration, you may be asked to provide your personal information that may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, and other identifying information. We may share the personal information that you provide with our third party processing agents, affiliates and advertisers.
 
We may use the personal information which you provide to send you information, either online or offline, via email, direct mail, SMS text messaging and telemarketing, regarding products or services offered by us. In addition, we reserve the right to rent or share the personal information which you provide with unaffiliated third-parties; these third-parties may use this information for online and offline marketing purposes.
 
By signing up on our website and providing your personal information you are expressly consenting to receive communications from us and from anyone that we may provide your personal information. We may also disclose your personal information:

as required by law such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process,
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request,
if BeachLifeguard.com is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you may be notified via email and/or a notice on our Websites of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.

 
COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
We collect the information we mentioned in the previous paragraphs through the use of various technologies, including cookies. A cookie is a piece of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which is then stored on your computer as an anonymous tag that identifies your computer, and in some cases, you. Some BeachLifeguard.com pages use cookies, sent by BeachLifeguard.com, its third party vendors, or other technologies to better serve you when you return to the Website. You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. You also can set your browser to turn off cookies. If you do so, however, some Websites, including ours, may not work properly. Our BeachLifeguard.com cookies are linked to personal information; however our third party vendor cookies only collect data in the aggregate.
 
We receive data from the various devices you use to access our sites. This may include location and IP information, device ID information, the pages within our site that you visit, or the type of browser you are using. We may even receive GPS information from your device so we can provide you location-based services.
 
WEB BEACONS
Our Web pages contain electronic images known as Web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs) and are used along with cookies to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our site is used and may be used in some of our emails to let us know which emails and links have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our customer communications and marketing campaigns.
 
We use a third party to gather information about how you and others use our Websites. For example, we will know how many users access a specific page and which links they clicked on. We use this aggregated information to understand and optimize how our site is used.
 
TARGETED ADVERTISING
Targeted Advertising (also known as online behavioral advertising) uses information collected on an individual's web browsing behavior such as the pages they have visited or the searches they have made. Third parties collect this information by placing or accessing cookies in your browser when you visit this, or other, websites. If you would like to learn more about the third party advertisers that may be aware of the fact that you visit this website, and to understand your choices about having such advertisers' cookies turned off, please visit www.networkadvertising.org.
 
SECURITY
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). You can log in to our site using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Websites to your profile page to share with others within your network.
 
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
 
If you have any questions about security on our Websites, you can contact us at info@BeachLifeguard.com.
 
CORRECTING AND UPDATING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
To review and update your personal information to ensure it is accurate, contact us at Sales@BeachLifeguard.com.
 
NOTIFICATION OF PRIVACY STATEMENT CHANGES
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we may notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We do reserve the right to make material changes to this policy without any notice. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
 
CONTACT INFORMATION
We welcome your comments and questions.  If you have concerns regarding this privacy statement please contact our customer service team at info@BeachLifeguard.com or by writing us at the address below:
BeachLifeguard.com
168 39th Street
3rd Floor
Brooklyn, NY 11232




        
    

