Privacy Policy

Hyped Sports
Who we are
In this privacy policy references to we, us and our are to Foster Trading Limited T/A Hyped Sports. References to our Website or the Website are to www.hypedsports.com
 
What information we collect and how
The information we collect via the Website may include:
Any personal details you knowingly provide us with through forms and our email, such as name, address, telephone number etc.
In order to effectively process credit or debit card transactions it may be necessary for the bank or card processing agency to verify your personal details for authorisation outside the European Economic Area (EEA). Such information will not be transferred out of the EEA for any other purpose. For online card payments under no circumstances will we hold sensitive payment details such as your card number, expiry date and security code. All online card payment transactions are handled through our accredited payment bureaus, Sage Pay and Paypal. For more information on Sage Pay and Paypal privacy policies please refer to www.sagepay.com and www.paypal.co.uk
Your preferences and use of email updates, recorded by emails we send you (if you select to receive email updates on products and offers).
Your IP Address, this is a string of numbers unique to your computer that is recorded by our web server when you request any page or component on the Website. This information is used to monitor your usage of the Website.
Data recorded by the Website which allows us to recognise you and your preferred settings, this saves you from re-entering information on return visits to the site. Such data is recorded locally on you computer through the use of cookies. Most browsers can be programmed to reject, or warn you before downloading cookies, information regarding this may be found in your browsers help facility.
 
What we do with your information
We are fully compliant with GDPR consent requirements, keeping data secure is of paramount importance to us. We always keep your data safe, we do not share or sell it to third parties. 
Any personal information we collect from this website will be used in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and other applicable laws. The details we collect will be used:

To process your order, to provide after sales service (we may pass your details to another organisation to supply/deliver products or services you have purchased and/or to provide after-sales service);
In certain cases we may use your email address to send you information on our other products and services. 

We may need to pass the information we collect to other companies for administrative purposes. We may use third parties to carry out certain activities, such as processing and sorting data, monitoring how customers use the Website and issuing our e-mails for us. Third parties will not be allowed to use your personal information for their own purposes.
 
Your Rights
You have the right to request a copy of any information that we currently hold about you. 
 
Privacy Policy Changes
If we make changes to any terms or conditions or the privacy policy, the changes will be posted on our website so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and to whom we will disclose it. We may change, modify, add or remove portions of this Policy at any time, and any changes will become effective immediately.
 Hyped Sports Loop FarmLoop Farm RoadLytchett MatraversPooleDorsetBH16 6BUUnited Kingdom

help@hypedsports.comCompany Registration Number: 7023089Vat Registration Number: 984685454
Other Websites
This privacy policy only covers this website. Any other websites which may be linked to by our website are subject to their own policy, which may differ from ours.