Cookie Policy
      

      
        
This site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third party vendors and other third parties (the “external sites”) Little Thistle Ltd is not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any external site, nor for any transactions between you and such sites (including as to ‘cookies’, personal data, confidential information, or purchases of goods or services). You should contact the site administrator or webmaster for those external sites if you have any concerns regarding such links, content or transactions. These Terms and Conditions do not affect your statutory rights. Cookies may be used on the site to help provide you with appropriate information during your visit. These cookies may be placed on your computer’s hard drive. If you wish to switch off cookies your access to the site will not be affected. No cookie created by our website stores personal details about you.
Membership of our mailing list;We maintain a general mail update to keep our customers and others who have expressed an interest informed about news, special offers, new products and other important information. We hope you will find these updates interesting and informative. If you would rather not receive them please unsubscribe from any e-mailing list at any time by clicking the Unsubscribe link within the email or by writing to us at Little Thistle, 1 Newark Place, Glenrothes, Fife, KY7 4NR. To help ensure we correctly remove your details from the database please remember to include in your letter or e-mail the contact details we are using to send the mailing to you. We reserve the right to limit certain special offers to those who subscribe to their e-mail services. We ensure that our customer information, mailing address information and all data submitted to us is stored on secure databases and protected (both on the webservers used and at our offices) by hardware, software and passwords, from access by anyone but authorised staff. We and our Internet Design Service frequently analyse our website logs to constantly improve the value of the materials available on our website. Our website logs are not personally identifiable, and we make no attempt to link them with the individuals that use the site.hts.