Privacy Policy
          
  






This privacy statement has been developed to provide you with easy access to information about Manolo Walls LLC privacy practices regarding the Site.
We understand the importance of, and are committed to, protecting your personal information. This Privacy Policy explains how we manage your personal information, including our obligations and your rights in respect of our dealings with your personal information.
INFORMATION WE DO NOT COLLECT
When you visit our Site, we do not collect your name, e-mail address or any other personal information unless you provide it to us.
HOW WE USE EMAIL
If you provide your e-mail address only to make an inquiry, then we may send you e-mail to follow up on your inquiry. We use e-mail as a means of receiving feedback from our customers, and we encourage you to e-mail us at info@manolowalls.com with your questions or comments.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

When you contact us or make an inquiry by placing an order through our website or phone
From correspondence (whether in writing or electronically) including e-mails
Through any mobile apps provided by our organization
While conducting customer satisfaction and market research surveys
When administering any of our services

INFORMATION WE DO NOT SHARE WITH OTHERS
Except as explained above, we do not share any personally identifiable information about you with third parties. We do not share, sell or trade information collected as part of a survey or specific details about you or your household. We do not contribute to or participate in shared or cooperative databases, which give other companies access to your personal information.
WHY WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION

To offer and provide you with goods and service(s)
Process orders and sales
Manage and administer goods and services pre and post sale
Communicate with you, including but not limited to sending you invoices, tracking information, return and exchange authorizations

We will never sell, loan, rent or distribute any personal information to third parties under any circumstance, including the contact information of those who subscribe to our mailing list. We may notify you by email about special offers, events and products we think you would want to hear about. If you do not wish to receive our newsletter and announcements, please contact us at info@manolowalls.com or click the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the email when you receive it.
UPDATES TO OUR INFORMATION PRACTICES
We are always looking for ways to improve the Site’s features and services and to improve the way we communicate our information practices. As a result, this statement is updated from time to time. We encourage you to review this page periodically for the latest information on our privacy practices.