Privacy Policy & Cookies PolicyPrivacyMicro Gigi is committed to protecting your privacy. We collect customer information to improve your overall shopping experience with us. We respect your privacy and are committed to maintaining and using this information responsibly. Except as otherwise mentioned below, this privacy policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you on our website. By visiting MicroGigi, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy.Micro Gigi RegistrationYour personal information and your order history are only available to you if you provide the correct password that you create.If you forget your password, you can request that it be emailed to your email address. We will not give passwords out over the phone, nor will we email them to a different email address than the one used to register.Information SharingAny personal information you provide to us on our website when you register or update an account, enter a contest or promotion, shop online or request information (i.e. name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and credit card information) is maintained in private files on our secure Web server and our internal systems. We do not share any information with third-parties under any circumstances. Your information is your information.You should also be aware that we may disclose specific information about you if required to do so by law, governmental request or court order or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with such law, request or court order or to protect the users of our website or the public.We prefer to keep registered users’ personal information accurate and up-to-date. To do this, we provide you with the opportunity to update or modify your personal information, including billing and shipping information, by clicking here.Links to Other SitesTo enhance your shopping experience, the Micro Gigi may have links to other sites. Those Web sites will have their own policies on privacy that you may wish to review. Micro Gigi has no responsibility for these linked Web sites.CookiesWe use cookies to recognize you and your preferences to make shopping easier and provide you with a customized experience on our website. Cookies are bits of information that we automatically store on your computer if your computer accepts cookies. Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information such as your name, address or any financial information on your computer. Micro Gigi places a unique user ID number on your cookie which allows us to access information that will improve your shopping experience – such as holding items in your shopping cart, accessing your address book, or providing you with customized pages based on your past viewing or purchasing preferences. We also use cookies to track traffic to different parts of the website in order to make improvements and optimize your shopping experience.If you do not wish to have a cookie on your system, you can set your browser preferences to refuse them. In order to disable cookies, please consult your browser’s help section for instructions.Our cookies policy complies with the following data and privacy acts:The California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA)Australia’s Privacy ActThe GDPR’s predecessor, the Data Protection DirectiveInternational OrdersIf you are visiting Micro Gigi from a location outside of the U.S., your connection will be through servers located in the U.S. Your orders placed through MicroGigi will be accepted, fully processed in and shipped from the U.S. Further, all information you provide will be processed and securely maintained in our Web servers and internal systems located within the U.S.Email PreferencesIf you give us your email address either on the home page or when you register, order, or enter a contest, we will send you emails about Micro Gigi sales and promotions. We never share your information—including your email—with any outside party!Secure OrderingMicro Gigi believes in providing a safe and secure shopping experience for all of our customers. To that end, Micro Gigi has implemented security measures to protect the information we collect at our Web site. For example, Micro Gigi limits the number of employees that have access to the databases that contain personal data, and all Micro Gigi employees are advised of the importance of confidentiality.We designed the Micro Gigi online store to accept orders only from Web browsers that permit communication through Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology; for example, 4.0 versions or higher of Netscape Navigator and versions 4.0 or higher of Internet Explorer. This means you’ll be unable to inadvertently place an order through an unsecured connection. Browsers that do not meet this requirement will be prevented from navigating the online store section of the Micro Gigi Web site.Changes in PolicyAs we continue to offer our visitors new and different types of content and services, MicroGigi may modify our collection and use practices. Should there be a material change to our policy regarding use of your personal information, we will update this privacy policy statement and advise you of the changes and when they will take effect.Questions/Contact Us:If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our privacy practices, please contact us at the following e-mail address.By Email: cs@MicroGigi.comInternational OrdersInternational sales are final and are not eligible for returns or exchanges.International Orders placed with Economy shipping does not provide a guarantee delivery date and is the slowest delivery option.Delivery time frames are an estimate and will vary from place to place; delivery date estimates are not guaranteed.We are not responsible for delays in delivery.We are not responsible for taxes and VAT due.International Orders must provide a phone number (for customs).Items returned due to failure of pick up or delivery refusal will be refunded minus the cost of shipping and 10% restocking fee.  Sale items are not eligible for refund.Buyers are responsible for knowing and understanding their countries delivery services, suspensions, and delays.Tracking numbers are the buyers responsibility to keep track of.*All international orders are final sale. If you have received the wrong item, please contact us within 3 days of delivery to resolve the issue.*Delivery time frame (does not included our 2-3 business days processing times)Economy: approximately 11 - 21 business days or morePriority Mail International: approximately 6 – 10 business days; insurance includedExpress Mail International: approximately 3 – 5 business days; insurance included
InformationLoyalty Program