
    Privacy Policy


    
            Northern Hot Tub Covers (hereafter referred to us "us", "we", or "our") operates the website https://www.northernhottubcovers.com (hereafter referred to as the "Site"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Northern Hot Tub Covers is committed to protecting your privacy.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that may be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name, billing, shipping address, postal code, email address, or telephone number ("Personal Information"). We collect some non-personally identifiable information automatically and some in our registration forms and other web forms. Non-Personally identifiable information may include your IP address, the type of web-browser or operating system you use, the domain name from which you linked to our site, and general demographic information. We use this non-personally identifiable information to help diagnose problems with the server, and to administer our website; and we may share this non-personally identifiable information with our other business partners on an aggregated basis. Northern Hot Tub Covers shopping registration form, newsletter subscription and any other forms may request or require users to give personally identifiable information ( such as name, telephone number, home address, and email address ). We use this information from the shopping registration form to contact the user regarding their order or to provide tracking information for delivery. Subscribers to our newsletter may opt-out of receiving future newsletters at anytime by unsubscribing. Northern Hot Tub Covers will not sell or disclose your personally identifiable data to any third party that is not an affiliate of Northern Hot Tub Covers.
Log Data
Like many website operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit the Site ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics, that collect, monitor and analyze this Log Data. This policy does not allow third party services to copy or access Personal Information, or contact you using the Personal Information collected from our Site.
Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you regarding orders and/or quotes placed or entered in to the Site, whether via phone or electronically. Under Canada's Anti-Spam Legislation (CASL), we can not use your Personal Information to send you newsletters, marketing or other promotional materials through the Site without express consent from you, the recipient.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive. Like many other websites, the Site uses "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent, however, if you choose to not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site (included, but not limited to: account login, add to cart, and/or online check out).
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us. Although no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, we strive to use all commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, including use of an SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) Certificate, and forcing all browsers to constantly connect to the Site through an encrypted layer.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of January 1st, 2021 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
Children
Northen Hot Tub Covers does not seek to collect information from children under the age of 18. If any child provides us with personally identifiable information, a parent or guardian may notify us and all information will be deleted from our records
Contact
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at Northern Hot Tub Covers, Unit 1-1169 Dollard Ave, Sudbury, Ontario, P3A-4G7
    