Search
                
            
        
    
    
    

        
            
	
		
			
				Toggle menu
			
		
		
			
				
					
						
					
				
			 
		
	

                
                    
        
            
        

                
            
   
    Call Us: 701.526.3835 Email: service@officesigncompany.com
    
    
        
            
    
        
            
                Search
                
            
        
    
    
    

        
        
            
                
                    
                        
                    
                
            
            
                
                    
                        
                            
                                Orders
                            
                        
                        
                        
                            
                                Addresses
                            
                        
                        
                            
                                Wish Lists
                            
                        
                        
                            
                                Recently Viewed
                            
                        
                        
                            
                                Account Settings
                            
                        
                        
                          
                            
                                Sign Out
                            
                        
                        
                    
                
            
        
        
            
                Cart
                
                    
                        
                    
                
                0
            

            
        
    

        
    
    
        
            
                Search
                
            
        
    
    
    

        
    
        
    
        
            
                Search
                
            
        
    
    
    

    
    
        
    
        Office Signs
    
    
        
            
    
        All Office Signs
        
	
		
	

    
    
        
            
                Office Door Signs
            
        
        
            
                Office Wall Signs
            
        
        
            
                Desk & Countertop Signs
            
        
        
            
                Restroom Signs
            
        
        
            
                Conference Room Signs
            
        
        
            
                ADA Braille Signs
            
        
        
            
                Museum & Art Gallery Signs
            
        
        
            
                Directory & Lobby Signs
            
        
        
            
                Wayfinding Signs
            
        
        
            
                Changeable Insert Signs
            
        
        
            
                Slider Signs
            
        
        
            
                Engraved Office Signs
            
        
        
            
                Curved Signs
            
        
        
            
                Floor Signs & Standing Signs
            
        
        
            
            Outdoor & Yard Signs
            
        
        
            
                Decorative Signs
            
        
        
            
                A-Frame Signs
            
        
    

            
    
        Best Sellers
        
	
		
	

    
    
        
            
                Engraved Mini Door Marker
            
        
        
            
                Engraved Office Sign
            
        
        
            
                Engraved Door Signs (Gold)
            
        
        
            
                Museum Showroom Placards
            
        
        
            
                Flush Mount Office Sign
            
        
        
        
            
                Metal Art Gallery Plaques
            
        
        
        
            
                Large Metal Art Gallery Plaques
            
        
        
        
            
                Curved Aluminum Office Sign
            
        
        
        
            
                Small Curved Signs
            
        
        
        
            
                Medium Curved Signs
            
        
        
        
            
                Satin Series Wall & Door Signs
            
        
    


    
        By Material
        
	
		
	

    
    
        
            
                Custom Metal Signs
            
        
        
            
                Custom Wood Signs
            
        
        
            
                Acrylic Signs
            
        
        
            
                Vinyl Signs and Decals
            
        
        
    

            
    
        Wayfinding Signs
        
	
		
	

    
    
        
            
                Projecting Signs
            
        
        
            
                Directional Arrow Signs
            
        
        
            
                Hallway & Corridor Signs
            
        
        
            
                Ceiling Signs
            
        
        
            
                Room Number Signs
            
        
        
            
                Directory Signs
            
        
    

            
    
        Industries
        
	
		
	

    
    
        
            
                Medical Signs
            
        
        
            
                Dental Signs
            
        
        
            
                Physician Signs
            
        
        
            
                Therapist Signs
            
        
        
            
                Retail Store Signs
            
        
        
            
                Receptionist Signs
            
        
        
            
                Construction Signs
            
        
        
            
                Safety Signs
            
        
        
            
                Museum & Art Gallery Signs
            
        
        
            
                Law Offices Signs
            
        
        
            
                Real Estate Signs
            
        
    

            
    
        Accessories
        
	
		
	

    
    
        
            
                Sign Mounting
            
        
        
            
                Sign Frames & Holders
            
        
        
            
                Cubicle Pins
            
        
          
            
                Custom Office Stamps
            
        
    

        
    

        
    
        Restroom Signs
    
    
        
            
                
                    
                        All Restroom Signs
                    
                
                
    
        
            
                Mens Restroom Signs
            
        
        
            
                Womens Restroom Signs
            
        
        
            
                All Gender Restroom Signs
            
        
        
            
                Unisex Restroom Signs
            
        
        
            
                Family Restroom Signs
            
        
        
            
                Custom Restroom Signs
            
        
        
            
                Funny Restroom Signs
            
        
        
            
                Modern Restroom Signs
            
        
        
            
                Bathroom Keytags
            
        
        
            
                Hand Washing Signs
            
        
    

            
            
    
        
            
            Premium Gold Series ADA Restroom Signs
        
    
    
        
            
            Curved ADA Restroom Signs
        
    
    
        
            
            ADA Braille Mens Locker Room Sign
        
    

        
    

        
    
        Name Tags
    
    
        
            
                
                    
                        All Name Tags
                    
                
                
    
        
            
                Metal Name Tags
            
        
        
            
                Engraved Name Tags
            
        
        
            
                Lanyard Name Tags
            
        
        
            
                Plastic Name Tags
            
        
        
            
                Business Name Tags
            
        
        
            
                Reusable Name Tags
            
        
        
            
                Magnetic Name Tags
            
        
        
            
                Custom Name Tags
            
        
        
            
                Accessories
            
        
    

            
            
    
        
            
            Wooden & Metal Name Badge
        
    
    
        
            
            Metal Name Tag / Name Badge
        
    
    
        
            
            Pocket Clip Name Badge
        
    
    
    
        
            
            Full Color Name Badge
        
    
    
        
            
            Acrylic Name Tags with Full Color Print
        
    
    
    
        
            
            Printed Name Tag with Engraved Text
        
    

        
    

        
    
        Name Plates
    
    
        
            
                
                    
                        All Name Plates
                    
                
                
    
        
            
                Engraved Name Plates
            
        
        
            
                Wood Name Plates
            
        
        
            
                Metal Name Plates
            
        
        
            
                Desk Name Plates
            
        
        
            
                Office Door Name Plates
            
        
        
            
                Cubicle Name Plates
            
        
        
            
                Wall Nameplates
            
        
    

            
            
    
        
            
            Office Door & Wall Nameplates
        
    
    
        
            
            Metal Nameplate Inserts
        
    
    
        
            
            Silver Conference Room Sliding Nameplates
        
    
    
        
            
            Wooden Nameplate Sign
        
    
    
        
            
            Walnut Desk Sign - The Governor
        
    
    
        
            
            Desktop Name Plate (Satin Silver Frame)
        
    
   

        
    

        
    
        Vinyl Signs
    
    
        
            
                
                    
                        All Vinyl Signs
                    
                
                
    
        
            
                Vinyl Lettering Signs
            
        
        
            
                Custom Vehicle Vinyl Wraps & Decals
            
        
        
            
                Wall Vinyl
            
        
        
            
                Window Graphics & Signs
            
        
        
            
                Custom Banners
            
        
    

            
            
    
        
            
            Full Color Vinyl Vehicle Wraps
        
    
    
        
            
            Custom Vinyl Wall Wrap
        
    
    
        
            
            Window & Wall Countour Cut Vinyl Signs
        
    
    
        
            
            Contour Cut Vinyl Signs
        
    
    
        
            
            Business Hours Vinyl Letting Signs
        
    
    
        
            
            Employee Names & Title Window Vinyl Signs
        
    
   

        
    

        
    
        ADA Braille
    
    
        
            
                
                    
                        All ADA Braille Signs
                    
                
                
    
        
            
                ADA Bathroom Signs
            
        
        
            
                ADA Door Signs
            
        
        
            
                ADA Exit & Entrance Signs
            
        
        
            
                ADA Office Signs
            
        
        
            
                ADA Room Signs
            
        
        
            
                Custom ADA Signs
            
        
    

            
            
    
    
        
            
            Curved Aluminum ADA Office Sign
        
    
    
        
            
            Exit Stairs ADA Braille Office Signs
        
    
    
        
            
            Hotel Line - Braille Room Number Signs
        
    
    
        
            
            Number ADA Braille Sign
        
    
    
    
        
            
            Custom Text Gold Series ADA Braille Sign
        
    
    
        
            
            ADA Braille Restroom Signs
        
    

        
    

        
    
        By Room
    
    
        
            
                
                    
                        All Signs By Room
                    
                
                
    
        
            
                Conference Room Signs
            
        
        
            
                Dressing Room Signs
            
        
        
            
                Electrical Room Signs
            
        
        
            
                Exam Room Signs
            
        
        
            
                Locker Room Signs
            
        
        
            
                Lunch Room Signs
            
        
        
            
                Mechanical Room Signs
            
        
        
            
                Room Number Signs
            
        
        
            
                Waiting Room Signs
            
        
        
            
                Trash & Recycling
            
        
        
            
                Classroom Signs
            
        
         
            
                Changing Room Signs
            
        
         
            
                Breakroom Signs
            
        
         
            
                Lactation Room Signs
            
        
         
            
                Mothers Room Signs
            
        
         
            
                Lobby Signs
            
        
         
            
                Cafeteria Signs
            
        
         
            
                Concession Stand Signs
            
        
        
            
                Janitor Signs
            
        
    

            
            
    
        
            
            Employees Only Engraved Office Sign
        
    
    
        
            
            This Table Is Reserved Tent Sign
        
    
    
        
            
            Frameless Office/Exam Room Name Plate Sign
        
    
   

        
    

        
    
        By Message
    
    
        
            
                
    
        All Signs By Message
        
	
		
	

    
    
        
            
                Check In Signs
            
        
        
            
                Check Out Sign
            
        
        
            
                Open/Closed Signs
            
        
        
            
                Push & Pull Signs
            
        
        
            
                Keep Door Closed Signs
            
        
        
            
                Employee Only Signs
            
        
        
            
                Trash & Recycling Signs
            
        
        
            
                Hand Washing Signs
            
        
        
            
                Visitor Signs
            
        
        
            
                Do Not Disturb
            
        
        
            
                Do Not Enter
            
        
        
            
                Stair Signs
            
        
        
            
                Elevator
            
        
        
            
                Escalator
            
        
        
            
                Fire Extinguisher
            
        
        
            
                First Aid
            
        
    

                
    
        "No" Signs
        
	
		
	

    
    
        
            
                No Admittance Signs
            
        
        
            
                No Cell Phone Sign
            
        
        
            
                No Smoking Signs
            
        
        
            
                No Checks Please
            
        
        
            
                No Food or Drink Signs
            
        
        
            
                No Loitering Signs
            
        
        
            
                No Pets Allowed Signs
            
        
        
            
                No Dogs Allowed Signs
            
        
        
            
                No Soliciting Signs
            
        
        
            
                No Visitors Signs
            
        
        
            
                No Entry Signs
            
        
    

                
    
        Exit Signs
        
	
		
	

    
    
        
            
                Fire Exit Signs
            
        
        
            
                Emergency Exit Signs
            
        
    

            
            
    
        
            
            No Loitering Aluminum Sign
        
    
    
        
            
            Keep Door Closed Sign
        
    
    
        
            
            Fire Extinguisher Signs
        
    
    
        
            
            Do Not Enter Indoor/Outdoor Sign
        
    

        
    

        
    
        More
    
    
        
            
                
    
        Plaques & Awards
        
	
		
	

    
    
    

                
    
        Personalized Products
        
	
		
	

    
    
        
            
                Personalized Drinkware & Mugs
            
        
        
            
                Stickers & Decals
            
        
        
            
                Tradeshow Banners
            
        
        
            
                Vehicle Wraps
            
        
    

                
    
        Accessories
        
	
		
	

    
    
        
            
                Custom Office Stamps
            
        
        
            
                Mounting
            
        
        
            
                Sign Frames & Holders
            
        
        
            
                Cubicle Pins
            
        
    

            
            
    
        
            
            Custom Slate Coaster Set
        
    
    
        
            
            11 oz. Laser Etched Ceramic Mugs
        
    
    
        
            
            Engraved Maple Wood Business Card Holder
        
    
    
        
            
            Rosewood Gavel Award with Sounding Block
        
    

        
    

        
    
        Custom Signs
        
	
		
	

    


    
    
            
                
                    Sign in
                
                    or
                    
                        Register
                    
            
    

    
    
        
            
                Search
                
            
        
    
    
    

     
     
    
        

    
                
                    
                        Home
                    
                
                
                    
                        Shipping Policy
                    
                
    





        Shipping Policy


    
  
  
    
    


    
    
        
    
    






    
    
        
    
    




  
  
    
    
  Customized Office Signs & Full Color Name Plates. Shipped Fast.




  
    We pride ourselves on shipping your office signs, interior signage and desk name plates as fast as possible. Including shipments to Canada and International Sign Shipments. We are proud to announce that we are a Non-Resident Importer to our Canadian customers.
 
Our strict quality control production procedures do take precedence over quicker shipping. We work hard to ship accurate, precisely fabricated sign solutions with a goal of shipping within 2 - 4 business days from the time your order is placed. We will continue to strive to provide your signage solutions as quickly as possible, as we continue to navigate the global pandemic. Please note custom signage and requests may slow order fabrication.
 
We are pleased to announce that as of January 2019, we are now offering FREE GROUND SHIPPING as an option on all online orders that are $199.00 or more within the contiguous United States! Our Free Ground Shipping option, which can be selected at checkout, is delivered via FedEx and will be processed via standard FedEx ground times. Please review the map below to learn more about the length of shipping time! The Service Maps and charts are a general representations of transit. For more accurate transit quotes contact service.  Note: if you are a local customer, purchasing custom sign products, or live outside of the contiguous United States, you may not be eligible for free ground shipping. 
 
Please take into consideration our office sign products are custom made to each order. Nearly every office sign order is shipped within 2 - 4 business days if not sooner, but many of our larger sign orders may take additional time to complete - due to the custom nature of each of our sign solutions. We use standard ground (FedEx) shipping methods and expedited shipping options and have a very low flat shipping rate. We offer RUSH shipping options at the customers expense. Please call us at (701) 526-3835 or email us at service@officesigncompany.com for expedited shipping options and rates.
 
If you live in Fargo, North Dakota, you can pick up your order locally at the best sign shop in town.
  



  


  
  
    
    


  
    Each of our office name plates and building way-finding signs are custom crafted to your personalization - please bear in mind the size of your sign order may add additional production time and we appreciate your patience. 
 
We offer basic shipping and expedited options for International as well as Canadian sign orders - we have upgraded our Canadian shipments and are a Non-Resident Importer (NRI) to our Canadian customers:
 
Canada Shipping. Non Resident Importer. Landed cost rate displayed (Includes Freight, Brokerage, Duty and Tax). No additional fees upon delivery. Rate shown covers 2-day shipping
 
International orders will be reviewed and shipped at the discretion of Office Sign Company. Customers are responsible for imports VAT, clearance fees, or any other charges incurred during international transit.
 
Order with confidence from our secure web site - offering the finest in conference room signs, office door nameplates, restroom signs, meeting and board room signs, and any custom office sign, waiting room or wall sign that you can imagine - even full color nameplates or colors that will match your office decor.
 
PLEASE NOTE: Incomplete shipping addresses and addresses that change during shipping WILL incur additional shipping charges without warning. UPS and FedEx charge us when shipping addresses contain missing suite numbers, etc. and we must pass these charges along to customers that do not supply us with a complete ship to address.
 
We do our best to manufacture all Rush and Expedited orders as quickly as possible. If you are looking to expedite your sign order, please call our Customer Success team at 701-526-3835 to submit this request. 
 
We are able to accommodate nearly all deadlines, and take a great deal of pride in our ability to turn your product around quickly. If you have any concerns about receiving your item(s) on time, please contact our Customer Success staff directly, and we’ll be happy to walk you through our Rush/Expedited Shipping options. Thank you!
 
  



  


    
            
    
  



    
    


    
    
    Close
    ×

    
    

    
    
        
            
            
        
    

    
        !
    

    

    
        OK
        Cancel
    


        

    
                
                    
                        Home
                    
                
                
                    
                        Shipping Policy
                    
                
    





        Shipping Policy


    
  
  
    
    


    
    
        
    
    






    
    
        
    
    




  
  
    
    
  Customized Office Signs & Full Color Name Plates. Shipped Fast.




  
    We pride ourselves on shipping your office signs, interior signage and desk name plates as fast as possible. Including shipments to Canada and International Sign Shipments. We are proud to announce that we are a Non-Resident Importer to our Canadian customers.
 
Our strict quality control production procedures do take precedence over quicker shipping. We work hard to ship accurate, precisely fabricated sign solutions with a goal of shipping within 2 - 4 business days from the time your order is placed. We will continue to strive to provide your signage solutions as quickly as possible, as we continue to navigate the global pandemic. Please note custom signage and requests may slow order fabrication.
 
We are pleased to announce that as of January 2019, we are now offering FREE GROUND SHIPPING as an option on all online orders that are $199.00 or more within the contiguous United States! Our Free Ground Shipping option, which can be selected at checkout, is delivered via FedEx and will be processed via standard FedEx ground times. Please review the map below to learn more about the length of shipping time! The Service Maps and charts are a general representations of transit. For more accurate transit quotes contact service.  Note: if you are a local customer, purchasing custom sign products, or live outside of the contiguous United States, you may not be eligible for free ground shipping. 
 
Please take into consideration our office sign products are custom made to each order. Nearly every office sign order is shipped within 2 - 4 business days if not sooner, but many of our larger sign orders may take additional time to complete - due to the custom nature of each of our sign solutions. We use standard ground (FedEx) shipping methods and expedited shipping options and have a very low flat shipping rate. We offer RUSH shipping options at the customers expense. Please call us at (701) 526-3835 or email us at service@officesigncompany.com for expedited shipping options and rates.
 
If you live in Fargo, North Dakota, you can pick up your order locally at the best sign shop in town.
  



  


  
  
    
    


  
    Each of our office name plates and building way-finding signs are custom crafted to your personalization - please bear in mind the size of your sign order may add additional production time and we appreciate your patience. 
 
We offer basic shipping and expedited options for International as well as Canadian sign orders - we have upgraded our Canadian shipments and are a Non-Resident Importer (NRI) to our Canadian customers:
 
Canada Shipping. Non Resident Importer. Landed cost rate displayed (Includes Freight, Brokerage, Duty and Tax). No additional fees upon delivery. Rate shown covers 2-day shipping
 
International orders will be reviewed and shipped at the discretion of Office Sign Company. Customers are responsible for imports VAT, clearance fees, or any other charges incurred during international transit.
 
Order with confidence from our secure web site - offering the finest in conference room signs, office door nameplates, restroom signs, meeting and board room signs, and any custom office sign, waiting room or wall sign that you can imagine - even full color nameplates or colors that will match your office decor.
 
PLEASE NOTE: Incomplete shipping addresses and addresses that change during shipping WILL incur additional shipping charges without warning. UPS and FedEx charge us when shipping addresses contain missing suite numbers, etc. and we must pass these charges along to customers that do not supply us with a complete ship to address.
 
We do our best to manufacture all Rush and Expedited orders as quickly as possible. If you are looking to expedite your sign order, please call our Customer Success team at 701-526-3835 to submit this request. 
 
We are able to accommodate nearly all deadlines, and take a great deal of pride in our ability to turn your product around quickly. If you have any concerns about receiving your item(s) on time, please contact our Customer Success staff directly, and we’ll be happy to walk you through our Rush/Expedited Shipping options. Thank you!
 
  



  


    
            
    
  



    
        Shipping Policy


    
  
  
    
    


    
    
        
    
    






    
    
        
    
    




  
  
    
    
  Customized Office Signs & Full Color Name Plates. Shipped Fast.




  
    We pride ourselves on shipping your office signs, interior signage and desk name plates as fast as possible. Including shipments to Canada and International Sign Shipments. We are proud to announce that we are a Non-Resident Importer to our Canadian customers.
 
Our strict quality control production procedures do take precedence over quicker shipping. We work hard to ship accurate, precisely fabricated sign solutions with a goal of shipping within 2 - 4 business days from the time your order is placed. We will continue to strive to provide your signage solutions as quickly as possible, as we continue to navigate the global pandemic. Please note custom signage and requests may slow order fabrication.
 
We are pleased to announce that as of January 2019, we are now offering FREE GROUND SHIPPING as an option on all online orders that are $199.00 or more within the contiguous United States! Our Free Ground Shipping option, which can be selected at checkout, is delivered via FedEx and will be processed via standard FedEx ground times. Please review the map below to learn more about the length of shipping time! The Service Maps and charts are a general representations of transit. For more accurate transit quotes contact service.  Note: if you are a local customer, purchasing custom sign products, or live outside of the contiguous United States, you may not be eligible for free ground shipping. 
 
Please take into consideration our office sign products are custom made to each order. Nearly every office sign order is shipped within 2 - 4 business days if not sooner, but many of our larger sign orders may take additional time to complete - due to the custom nature of each of our sign solutions. We use standard ground (FedEx) shipping methods and expedited shipping options and have a very low flat shipping rate. We offer RUSH shipping options at the customers expense. Please call us at (701) 526-3835 or email us at service@officesigncompany.com for expedited shipping options and rates.
 
If you live in Fargo, North Dakota, you can pick up your order locally at the best sign shop in town.
  



  


  
  
    
    


  
    Each of our office name plates and building way-finding signs are custom crafted to your personalization - please bear in mind the size of your sign order may add additional production time and we appreciate your patience. 
 
We offer basic shipping and expedited options for International as well as Canadian sign orders - we have upgraded our Canadian shipments and are a Non-Resident Importer (NRI) to our Canadian customers:
 
Canada Shipping. Non Resident Importer. Landed cost rate displayed (Includes Freight, Brokerage, Duty and Tax). No additional fees upon delivery. Rate shown covers 2-day shipping
 
International orders will be reviewed and shipped at the discretion of Office Sign Company. Customers are responsible for imports VAT, clearance fees, or any other charges incurred during international transit.
 
Order with confidence from our secure web site - offering the finest in conference room signs, office door nameplates, restroom signs, meeting and board room signs, and any custom office sign, waiting room or wall sign that you can imagine - even full color nameplates or colors that will match your office decor.
 
PLEASE NOTE: Incomplete shipping addresses and addresses that change during shipping WILL incur additional shipping charges without warning. UPS and FedEx charge us when shipping addresses contain missing suite numbers, etc. and we must pass these charges along to customers that do not supply us with a complete ship to address.
 
We do our best to manufacture all Rush and Expedited orders as quickly as possible. If you are looking to expedite your sign order, please call our Customer Success team at 701-526-3835 to submit this request. 
 
We are able to accommodate nearly all deadlines, and take a great deal of pride in our ability to turn your product around quickly. If you have any concerns about receiving your item(s) on time, please contact our Customer Success staff directly, and we’ll be happy to walk you through our Rush/Expedited Shipping options. Thank you!
 
  



  


    
            
    
  

            
    
        
            
                
    Subscribe
    Sign up for exclusive offers, promotions, new product launches and more.
    
        
        
        
        
            Email Address
            
                
                
            
        
    


                310 NP AVE N, FARGO, ND 58102

                PHONE: 701-526-3835
                    
            
                
                    Facebook
                    
                        
                    
                
            
            
                
                    Twitter
                    
                        
                    
                
            
            
                
                    Linkedin
                    
                        
                    
                
            
            
                
                    Instagram
                    
                        
                    
                
            
            
                
                    Pinterest
                    
                        
                    
                
            
    
            
            
                Need Help?
                
                    
                        Order Status
                    
                    
                        Returns
                    
                    
                        My Account
                    
                    
                        Customer Service
                    
                    
                        Track Orders
                    
                    
                        Custom Quote
                    
                   
                    
                        Chat With Us
                    
                
                
                 
                  
                  
              
            
            
                Resources
                
                    
                        About
                    
                    
                        Get a Quote
                    
                    
                        Contact Us
                    
                    
                        Reviews
                    
                    
                        Careers
                    
                    
                        Blog
                    
                    
                        Gallery
                    
                    
                        FAQs
                    
                    
                        GSA Contracts
                    
                    
                        Privacy Policy
                    
                    
                        Shipping
                    
                    
                        Return Policy
                    
                    
                        Tradeshow Signs (Quote Only)
                    
                
               

  Trustpilot


            
        
        
            © 2024 Office Sign Company