Terms & Conditions
Returns Policy & Warranty Information

All of our appliances come with a United Kingdom Functional Warranty. This warranty is usually for a 24 month period (unless otherwise stated in the item description). This warranty is a domestic warranty only (No Commercial Warranty)
When an item is delivered to you, you are asked to FULLY inspect the item before accepting it. For Large items you will be given ample time by the delivery driver to do this and then asked to sign a delivery note. Please FULLY read this note prior to signing it. It is important to do this as we will not enter into negotiations regarding cosmetic marks after this note has been signed. For small items we must receive notification ASAP after receipt.
If the item is under its warranty period and the item is faulty, we will fully cover all parts and labour costs or supply an alternative product or refund. This decision will remain at the companies discretion.
Items deemed to be "misused" or "tampered with" will have their warranty classed as "void".
Depending on the item and nature of the fault, a repair may be carried out on your own premises or at our dedicated repair facility. This will be at the companies discretion.
The company bears no liability or responsibility for faulty plumbing or connections.
The company does not accept any liability implied or otherwise for loss of earnings, due to delays on delivery. You should accept that delays can occur for many reasons such as traffic incidents and weather delays prior to ordering.
The company does not accept any liability for property damage as our delivery service is "doorstep only". The couriers will assist on occasion but only after a site survey. They may take appliances to your room of choice but this is entirely at your own risk. If this is not acceptable, please do not ask them to assist.

Cancellations

Under the Consumer Rights Act (2015) you have the right to cancel the order within 14 days of receipt. Please contact us within this time period to arrange a return and you'll receive a valid RMA number.
Return postage is the buyers responsibility for cancellations.
If the item has already been delivered it must be unused and in its original packaging with all accessories included. If you require us to collect the item then we will charge carriage at our standard rate.