Terms & Conditions


    
            The Chair Clinic – Web Site Terms & Conditions
Welcome to The Chair Clinic’s website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern The Chair Clinic’s relationship with you in relation to this website.
The term “The Chair Clinic” or “us” or “we” refers to the owner of the website.  The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
·       The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
·       Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
·       Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
·       This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
·       All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
·       Unauthorised use of this website may give to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
·       From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
·       You may not create a link to this website from another website or document without The Chair Clinic's prior written consent.
·       Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England and Wales.
·        Additional delivery charges may be required for Scottish Highlands & Islands, Channel Islands, Isle of Man and Ireland.  VAT is to be added to all displayed prices. 
·       Orders that are refused delivery or returned due to the customer 'changing their mind' will be charged a minimum of 20% of the total order amount.  The customer will be required to pay the delivery charge for returning orders.
·       Any items to be returned must be in the condition in which they were received, charges may be incurred for items returned damaged or with missing parts.
·       Any returns must be confirmed with The Chair Clinic before hand.  Returns must be arranged within 7 days from delivery.
·       Chairs are supplied with a 1, 2 or 5 year warranty depending on the chair model for parts and components (whilst used under normal conditions and during a conventional working day).  The warranty length is shown against each particular chair model.  We will rectify any chairs received faulty or damaged or chairs that develope a fault (whilst under warranty) in the fastest time possible.  We will supply replacement parts where possible and where reasonable for the customer to replace these parts before collecting and replacing a complete chair.
 ·       All discrepancies/damages must be notified within 24 hours of receipt.
Privacy Policy & Cookies
The Chair Clinic Ltd would like to inform their customers that none of their personal information is sold/distributed to any third parties unless required to do so by law. 
1) We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.  
2) You are legally entitled to request details of the personal information which we hold about you, under the UK's Data Protection Act 1998.
Use of cookies
www.chairclinic.co.uk uses session cookies to effectively retain items added to your shopping basket as you navigate between pages. 
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes a unique identifier that is sent to your computer or mobile phone (referred to here as a "device") browser from a website's computer and is stored on your device's hard drive.
For www.chairclinic.co.uk details of the items added to a shopping basket are held by the cookie.  The cookie is a session cookie and will therefore expire after a given period of time or when the visitor leaves the website.
In order to use the shopping basket on www.chairclinic.co.uk you must have cookies enabled within your browser.