Terms & Conditions
    
    
      

        Terms and Conditions
Buyer(s) consent to the following Terms and Conditions:
Buyer(s) consent to the following Terms and Conditions: Circles and Squares (USA), LLC's (herein after "Circles and Squares" and/or "Seller") acceptance of Buyer's orders is expressly made conditional on Buyer's assent to these terms and conditions. Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by all parties, the terms and conditions set forth on this credit/buyer application, order confirmation and/or invoice supersede the terms and conditions of the Buyer's purchase order(s) and will govern all transaction between the Buyer and the Seller. These terms and conditions also apply to all future transaction unless modified in writing signed by all parties. Seller specifically rejects any terms or provisions which set any standards, specifications or damages related to quality and time of delivery or which contradict or purportedly claim to supersede these terms and conditions. Buyer's acceptance of goods delivered by Seller in conjunction with this invoice, credit/buyer application, or order confirmation is an acknowledgement by Buyer of its acceptance of these terms and conditions.
 
Returns:
We want you to be 110% satisfied with your Circles and Squares purchase. If you are not, you may exchange your purchase within 7 days of receiving it. Exchanged items must be in new condition with the tags on. Buyer pays for shipping to and from Circles and Squares for orders to be exchanged.
Exchanges overseas will require return postage included with the item to be exchanged.  We will issue a refund for items that are defective. Item must be returned within seven business days and be in new condition.
You should expect to receive your refund within four weeks of giving your package to the return shipper, however, in many cases you will receive a refund more quickly. This time period includes the transit time for us to receive your return from the shipper (5 to 10 business days), the time it takes us to process your return once we receive it (3 to 5 business days), and the time it takes your bank to process our refund request (5 to 10 business days).  If you need to return an item, simply login to your account, view the order using the "Complete Orders" link under the My Account menu and click the Return Item(s) button. We'll notify you via e-mail of your refund once we've received and processed the returned item.  
Shipping: 
We can ship to virtually any address in the world. Note that there are restrictions on some products, and some products cannot be shipped to international destinations. Items that we have in stock will ship the following business day after payment is received. Items that are not in stock and need to be ordered from our apparel suppliers usually ship within 10 - 14 business days from the time payment is received. Please understand that we print most of our apparel as it is ordered. Your patience is appreciated. Please email or call us before ordering if time is a concern. This way we can give you an estimation of when your order will ship based on our stock. 
Please also note that the shipping rates for many items we sell are weight-based. The weight of any such item can be found on its detail page. To reflect the policies of the shipping companies we use, all weights will be rounded up to the next full pound.
 
Acceptance of goods with Known Defects Waives Claims for Damages:
Buyer must notify Seller in writing of all claims for damages resulting from late delivery or any other defect that is known to Buyer at the time Buyer accepts the merchandise. Buyer hereby waives any claim for damages resulting from any defect Buyer is aware of, including late delivery, at the time Buyer accepts the merchandise.
 
Defaults:
It is understood that should the Buyer become Delinquent in payment, no further credit will be Extended and the Seller will charge the Buyer a past due service charge at the rate of 1 ½% per month (18% per annum), collection agency fees in the amount of 30%, and/or reasonable attorney's fees, and all other costs and expenses which may be incurred by the Seller in the enforcement of the terms and conditions set forth on this invoice, credit application, and/order confirmation. Any returned checks will be charged back to the Buyer, and a $50 handling fee will be charged to the Buyer. If the Buyer's account is insured and the Buyer's account is turned over to a receivable insurance company for a claim, Seller can also charge the client an additional 30% of the principal amount due which is in default. It is understood that these charges are a reasonable estimation of the damages Seller will incur upon Buyer's default. default.
 
Jurisdiction:
Any transactions between the Buyer and the Seller are governed by the laws of California. To the extent that any court proceedings are commenced, the Buyer and any Guarantor hereby consent to the jurisdiction of the courts of San Diego County, California, for any claims or controversies arising in the sale of garments by the Seller to the Buyer. The Seller also reserves the right to sue the Buyer or its Guarantor in the province or state of its domicile. However, the foregoing shall not in any way diminish or limit the arbitration provisions set forth below.
 
EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES:
THE BUYER RECOGNIZES THAT IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND ALL OTHER WARRANTIES IMPLIED ARE EXCLUDED FROM ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN BUYER AND SELLER AND SHALL NOT APPLY TO THE GOODS SOLD BY SELLER. SELLER SHALL ALSO NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
 
No Responsibility:
Buyer acknowledges that Seller has no responsibility for any work performed by any vendor referred by Buyer and hereby waives any right to assert any claim against Seller for work performed by any other firm, including but not limited to claims for negligent referral, agency, or respondent superior.
 
Deterioration of Buyer's Credit:
The Seller has the right, in addition to other Remedies provided by law, to terminate any delivery or suspend further deliveries of other shipments in the event the Buyer fails to pay for anyone shipment when the same becomes due. Should the Buyer's financial condition become unsatisfactory to the Seller, the Seller may require cash payments or satisfactory securities for delivery of goods.
 
Personal Guaranty:
In consideration of such credit extended and/or to be extended by Circles and Squares in its discretion to Buyer, or the release of goods paid by credit card or check, the individual(s) signing this invoice, credit/buyer application, other confirmation, or delivery receipt or check or credit slip (who, if more than one, shall be jointly and severally bound) hereby unconditionally guarantee(s) to Circles and Squares and its successors, endorsees, and assigns the punctual payment when due, with such interest as may accrue thereon either before or after any maturity(ies) thereof, of all debts and obligations of Buyer and any other party or parties, now existing or hereafter arising, as well as the performance and observance by Buyer of the terms, conditions, stipulations, and agreements of Buyer contained in this invoice, credit application, and/or order confirmation of Circles and Squares. This Guaranty will be continuing and irrevocable guaranty and indemnity for such indebtedness of Buyer. The undersigned do(es) hereby waive notice of acceptance of this Guaranty, notice of the occurrence of any default, presentments, demands, protests, and notices of any and all action at any time taken or omitted by Buyer regarding its indebtedness to Circles and Squares. The signer consent(s) to any modification or renewal of the credit hereby guaranteed. This guaranty shall bind the executors, administrators, and assigns of the undersigned and shall remain in force and effect unless and until canceled by written notice sent to Seller by registered mail, in which case it shall then be binding as to any balances still owing and outstanding as of the date of Seller receipt of such registered notice. This Guaranty also gives Circles and Squares the right to investigate credit from time to time of both Buyer and the Personal Guarantor(s), if deemed necessary by Seller.
 
ARBITRATION:
1.      AGREEMENT TO BINDING ARBITRATION
CIRCLES AND SQUARES and Buyer agree that upon the demand of either party, any claim or dispute between CIRCLES AND SQUARES and Buyer and/or any of either parties' parent corporations, successor entities, present and/or former subsidiaries, divisions, and affiliated entities, as well as each of their present and/or form\er shareholders, directors, officers, employees, attorneys, agents, contractors and representatives ("Agents"), shall be determined by binding arbitration as set forth in this Agreement. CIRCLES AND SQUARES and Buyer hereby covenant not to file a lawsuit against each other in contravention of this Agreement. The parties shall be entitled to all of the same remedies as those available for comparable actions in courts. The parties shall be entitled to be represented by independent counsel of their choosing. Claims shall be submitted to and determined exclusively by binding arbitration as provided for by Sections 1 and 2 of the Federal Arbitration Act, in conformity with the California Code of Civil Procedure. Once a party exercises its right to Arbitration as set forth below, Arbitration shall be the exclusive method for resolving any dispute; provided, however, that either party may request provisional relief from a court of competent jurisdiction, as provided in California Code of Civil Procedure section 1281.8.
 
2.      KNOWING AND VOLUNTARY CONSENT TO BINDING ARBITRATION AND WAIVER OF RIGHT TO JURY TRIAL
CIRCLES AND SQUARES and Buyer hereby acknowledge that they have read and understand the terms of this Arbitration Agreement, and are voluntarily agreeing to its terms. CIRCLES AND SQUARES and Buyer also understand that by using binding arbitration to resolve disputes, they will be giving up any right they may have to a judge or jury trial.
 
3.      COSTS OF ARBITRATION
The Parties shall each bear their own costs and attorneys' fees in any arbitration proceeding, provided however, that the arbitrator shall have the authority to require either party to pay the costs and attorneys' fees of the other party during the arbitration, as is permitted under federal or state law, as a part of any remedy that may be ordered.
 
Agreement and Acknowledgement:
Buyer(s) have carefully read and agree to these Terms and Conditions. Buyer authorizes Circles and Squares to verify the credit of the Company and/or the individual(s) whose signature(s) appears on this or the other documents specified above. Buyer and Guarantor(s) authorize its bank(s) and/or business references to release credit information of Buyer and for Guarantor(s) as requested Circles and Squares. If any term, provision, covenant or condition of this agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or an arbitrator to be invalid, void, or unenforceable, the remaining terms and provisions of this agreement will remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired, or invalidated.