Terms & ConditionsTerms & Conditions
Your use of the Electronic Puffs website constitutes your agreement to the following Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree with these Terms and Conditions, you should immediately leave the Electronic Puffs website.Electronic Puffs Website and User Accounts:The Electronic Puffs website is intended only for use by adults aged 18 years and older. If you create an Electronic Puffs User Account, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password; you further agree that you are of legal smoking age and may legally purchase or consume any of the products offered on Electronic Puffs.Governing Law:This website has been designed to comply with United States law. Electronic Puffs does not claim or represent that this website is appropriate or legal for locations outside of the United States. If you access this website from any location outside of the United States, you are responsible for compliance with all relevant local laws. You also acknowledge and agree that your use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of New York, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on Contracts for the international sale of goods. You furthermore agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding, directly or indirectly arising from or related to use of this site (including by not limited to the purchase of Electronic Puffs products) shall lie with the County, State, or Federal Courts located within Orange County, New York.Trademarks & Copyrights:The copyright to all content on this website is proprietary of Electronic Puffs or its third-party licensors and the manufacturers whose products are sold by Electronic Puffs. You may not reproduce, post on any other website, modify, distribute, or transmit any portion of this website without the express written consent of Electronic Puffs. Any name, logo, trademark, or service mark contained on this website is owned or licensed by Electronic Puffs or one of its third-party licensors and may not be used by you without the prior written consent of Electronic Puffs or the proprietary third-party licensor.Materials You Submit:You acknowledge that you are responsible for any submission you make, including the legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality, and copyright of any such material. You may post or transmit to this website any content that is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, or invasive of privacy, or publicity rights. Electronic Puffs assumes no responsibility or liability which may arise from such content, including but not limited to claims for defamation, libel, slander, obscenity, profanity, or misrepresentation. Any nonfinancial information, material, or communication transmitted by you to this website will not be treated as confidential. Any ideas or concepts or other materials transmitted by you to Electronic Puffs may be used by Electronic Puffs in any manner including but not limited to; reproduction, transmission, publication, or broadcast without compensation.Disclaimers:Your use of this website is at your sole risk. Electronic Puffs provides products and access on an “as is” and “as available” basis. We reserve the right to restrict or terminate your access to this website or any feature or part thereof at any time. Electronic Puffs expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind whether express or implied, including the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and any warranties that material on the website is non-infringing; that access to the website will be uninterrupted or error-free; that the website will be secure; or that information on the website will be complete, accurate, or timely. If you download any material from this website, you do so at your discretion and risk. You will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from your downloading of any material from the Electronic Puffswebsite.Limitation of Liability:In no event shall Electronic Puffs be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, or consequential damages arising out of or in any way connected with the use of this website or any information provided on this website. As some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you.Modification of Terms:We reserve the right, at our complete discretion to change these Terms & Conditions at any time, for any reason, without notice or obligation. By entering this website, you will be bound by any such revisions which we make to the Terms and Conditions. Your continued use of the Electronic Puffs website following the posting of changes to the terms or other policies means that you acknowledge and accept said changes.Pricing:Except where noted otherwise, the prices displayed for Electronic Puffs products represent the full retail price listed on the product itself. We cannot confirm the full price of any item until you complete the online order form as this will resolve the issues of relevant taxes and shipping and handling as and where applicable. Be aware that your credit card is not billed until after your order has entered the shipping process.Terms & ConditionsTerms & ConditionsYour use of the Electronic Puffs website constitutes your agreement to the following Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree with these Terms and Conditions, you should immediately leave the Electronic Puffs website.Electronic Puffs Website and User Accounts:The Electronic Puffs website is intended only for use by adults aged 18 years and older. If you create an Electronic Puffs User Account, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password; you further agree that you are of legal smoking age and may legally purchase or consume any of the products offered on Electronic Puffs.Governing Law:This website has been designed to comply with United States law. Electronic Puffs does not claim or represent that this website is appropriate or legal for locations outside of the United States. If you access this website from any location outside of the United States, you are responsible for compliance with all relevant local laws. You also acknowledge and agree that your use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of New York, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on Contracts for the international sale of goods. You furthermore agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding, directly or indirectly arising from or related to use of this site (including by not limited to the purchase of Electronic Puffs products) shall lie with the County, State, or Federal Courts located within Orange County, New York.Trademarks & Copyrights:The copyright to all content on this website is proprietary of Electronic Puffs or its third-party licensors and the manufacturers whose products are sold by Electronic Puffs. You may not reproduce, post on any other website, modify, distribute, or transmit any portion of this website without the express written consent of Electronic Puffs. Any name, logo, trademark, or service mark contained on this website is owned or licensed by Electronic Puffs or one of its third-party licensors and may not be used by you without the prior written consent of Electronic Puffs or the proprietary third-party licensor.Materials You Submit:You acknowledge that you are responsible for any submission you make, including the legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality, and copyright of any such material. You may post or transmit to this website any content that is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, or invasive of privacy, or publicity rights. Electronic Puffs assumes no responsibility or liability which may arise from such content, including but not limited to claims for defamation, libel, slander, obscenity, profanity, or misrepresentation. Any nonfinancial information, material, or communication transmitted by you to this website will not be treated as confidential. Any ideas or concepts or other materials transmitted by you to Electronic Puffs may be used by Electronic Puffs in any manner including but not limited to; reproduction, transmission, publication, or broadcast without compensation.Disclaimers:Your use of this website is at your sole risk. Electronic Puffs provides products and access on an “as is” and “as available” basis. We reserve the right to restrict or terminate your access to this website or any feature or part thereof at any time. Electronic Puffs expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind whether express or implied, including the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and any warranties that material on the website is non-infringing; that access to the website will be uninterrupted or error-free; that the website will be secure; or that information on the website will be complete, accurate, or timely. If you download any material from this website, you do so at your discretion and risk. You will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from your downloading of any material from the Electronic Puffswebsite.Limitation of Liability:In no event shall Electronic Puffs be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, or consequential damages arising out of or in any way connected with the use of this website or any information provided on this website. As some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you.Modification of Terms:We reserve the right, at our complete discretion to change these Terms & Conditions at any time, for any reason, without notice or obligation. By entering this website, you will be bound by any such revisions which we make to the Terms and Conditions. Your continued use of the Electronic Puffs website following the posting of changes to the terms or other policies means that you acknowledge and accept said changes.Pricing:Except where noted otherwise, the prices displayed for Electronic Puffs products represent the full retail price listed on the product itself. We cannot confirm the full price of any item until you complete the online order form as this will resolve the issues of relevant taxes and shipping and handling as and where applicable. Be aware that your credit card is not billed until after your order has entered the shipping process.   We offer a wide range of quality products, an easy shopping process, express delivery and first-class service.Contact Us    Brian@ELECTRONICPUFFS.COM    (845) 232-1570Quick LinksPrivacy PolicyShipping & ReturnsTerms & ConditionsWholesale OpportunitiesPrivacy PolicyShipping & ReturnsTerms & ConditionsWholesale OpportunitiesSign Up for Email Updates      Email       Send   Sign up with your email address to receive news and updatesCopyright 2024 | ElectronicPuffs | OS