Terms, conditions and delivery
                    
                
    







    

    
            
Calinnova Ltd (trading as EquiFeast) manufacture and supply unique nutritional supplements and feeds for a diverse range of animals worldwide. We are rapidly expanding our sales to overseas markets including Australia. We are completely dedicated to your total satisfaction. If you have any suggestions or comments please email us at sales@equifeast.com.
All of the products we sell in Australia are made in Australia. Many have been developed here specifically for Australian conditions. They are available from retailers in most states. If you choose to order from this web site your order will be processed by Calinnova Ltd (t/a EquiFeast) and fulfilled by our fulfilment house in Brisbane.
Cookies & Privacy PolicyCookies are used on our website. Visiting our website with your browser settings adjusted to accept cookies tells us that you want to use our products and services and that you consent to our use of cookies. To order products on our website you will need cookies enabled. Internet cookies are common and won’t cause any harm to your device.
What are Cookies? Cookies are small text files, with ID tags that are stored on your device (computer/mobile/tablet) when visiting certain websites. Cookies keep track of your movements on the site to track what’s in your shopping basket and provide functions to improve your shopping experience.
What types of activity do we use cookies for?Shopping Basket - Some cookies are essential during online transactions, e.g. to remember what products you have put in your shopping basket as you navigate to different pages on the website. These cookies are “strictly necessary” for the operation of the website.
Improve user experience on the website (functionality cookies) - Cookies are used to remember your preferences on the site We also use 3rd party vendor re-marketing tracking cookies, including the Google Adwords tracking cookie. This means we will continue to show ads to you across the internet, specifically on the Google Network Display. As always we respect your privacy and are not collecting any identifiable information through the use of Google’s or any other 3rd party remarketing system. The third-party vendors, including Google, whose services we use – will place cookies on web browsers in order to serve ads based on past visits to our website. – Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to your website. This allows us to make special offers and continue to market our services to those who have shown interest in our service.
Making A Purchase Making a purchase could not be easier. Just browse our Catalogue, and click on any items that you wish to buy and put them into the shopping cart. After you have finished your selection, click on "View cart" and you will be asked for a few details that we need to be able to satisfy the order.  All orders will be processed by Calinnova Ltd (t/a EquiFeast) and fulfilled by our fulfilment house in Brisbane.
PaymentsIn Australia we accept PayPal, Visa, MasterCard and American Express payments.
Australian Delivery Charges
Deliveries are made by Australian Post or Parcel Post depending on order weight and delivery location.
This site is set up to charge Australia Post rates.  All orders will be processed by Calinnova Ltd (t/a EquiFeast) and fulfilled by our fulfilment house in Brisbane.
E-mail: advice@equifeast.com
Tax Charges GST is applied to all orders at the rate of 10%.
Reaching Us If you need to reach us, please contact our Australian Coordinator:Lynette Dollard:E-mail: lynette.equifeastoz@gmail.comPhone: 04 4803 4638
Alternatively, you can contact our UK offices:International telephone: +44 1453 836974E-mail: advice@equifeast.com
Returns PolicyAt EquiFeast, we stand behind our products and want you to be happy with them. If you are not completely satisfied with your purchase you are welcome to return unopened products in their original condition for a refund minus any shipping charges which were applied. Returns must be made within 14 days of order receipt. Please contact our friendly Australian Distributors who will gladly assist further.