Payments Terms of Use
      
    
    
      
        
        
          Introduction
          
            
              GENERAL PAYMENTS TERMS
              
                About Payments on eBay Services
                International Sales
                Seller Payment Fees
                Seller Onboarding
                Shipping
                Managed Payments Limitations
                Using Managed Payments
                Security; Third-Party Providers; Data Protection
                Collection of Fees and Other Amounts You Owe
                Amendment
                Term, Termination
                Assignment
              
            
            ADDITIONAL PAYMENTS TERMS FOR SERVICES PROVIDED BY EBAY COMMERCE INC.
            ADDITIONAL PAYMENTS TERMS FOR SERVICES PROVIDED BY EBAY S.À R.L.
            ADDITIONAL PAYMENTS TERMS FOR SERVICES PROVIDED BY EBAY COMMERCE CANADA LTD.
            
            ADDITIONAL PAYMENTS TERMS FOR SERVICES PROVIDED BY EBAY COMMERCE AUSTRALIA PTY
                LTD.
            ADDITIONAL PAYMENTS TERMS FOR SERVICES PROVIDED BY EBAY COMMERCE UK LTD.
          
          
            
            
              Download PDF
              
                
                  
                
              
            
          
          Previous
              Payments Terms of Use
        

        
          
          
            Expand All
          
          
          
            
              Effective date from November 1, 2023 for sellers who accept these Payments Terms of Use during new
                seller registration or otherwise on or after that date. For all other sellers, if you receive Payment
                Services from eBay Commerce Inc. or eBay Commerce Canada Ltd., the effective date is November 15, 2023
                with respect to those Payment Services; if you receive Payment Services from eBay Commerce Australia Pty
                Ltd., the effective date is November 30, 2023 with respect to those Payment Services; and if you receive
                Payment Services from eBay S.à r.l. or eBay Commerce UK Ltd., the effective date is January 1, 2024,
                with respect to those Payment Services.
            
            The previous version of these Payments Terms of Use can be accessed by clicking here.
          
          
          
            Introduction
            
              These Payments Terms of Use (“Payments Terms of Use”) set out the terms on
              which the eBay Payment Entities set forth below offer you Payment Services (as defined below in Part I,
              Section 1) in relation to your use of the eBay Services. Your use of the
              eBay Services will continue to be governed by the
              User
                Agreement
              applicable to you. Capitalized terms used, but not defined, in these Payments Terms of Use have the same
              meaning as set forth in the User
                Agreement. The applicable User Agreement,
              related eBay policies, or other agreements between you and us (for example, a billing agreement) may
              include provisions regarding your use of the eBay Services without Managed Payments (as defined below)
              which may conflict with these Payments Terms of Use. You understand that, with
              respect to our Payment Services, these Payments Terms of Use supersede any and all such conflicting
              provisions. You agree to comply with these Payments Terms of Use when accessing or using our Payment
              Services.
            
            
              These Payments Terms of Use are between you and the applicable eBay Payment Entities, as set forth below.
              If you have international sales, you may receive Payment Services from one or more eBay Payment Entities,
              as described in Part I, Section 2 below. In addition to the General
              Payments Terms (Part I of these Payments Terms of Use), each eBay Payment Entity has Additional Payments
              Terms (Parts II, III, IV, V and VI of these Payments Terms of Use) that apply to the Payment Services such
              entity provides. eBay Inc. and the companies it directly or indirectly
              controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, are referred to as our
              “Affiliates.” The eBay Payment Entities are Affiliates of eBay Inc.
            
            
            
              
                
                  
                    eBay Payment Entity
                    Contact Information
                  
                
                
                  
                    
                      
                        eBay Commerce Inc. (“eCI”) 
                        2065 Hamilton Avenue 
                        San Jose, CA 95126, United States
                      
                      
                        Part II (“Additional Terms for Services Provided by eCI”) of these Payments Terms of Use
                          contains an Agreement to Arbitrate which will, with limited exception, require you to submit
                          claims you have against us or our agents to binding and final arbitration, unless you opt
                          out of the Agreement to Arbitrate (see Part II, Section 4 (“Legal Disputes”), Subsection B
                          ("Agreement to Arbitrate")). If you do not opt out: (1) you will only be permitted to pursue
                          claims against us or our agents on an individual basis, not as a plaintiff or class
                          member in any class or representative action or proceeding and (2) you will only be permitted
                          to seek relief (including monetary, injunctive, and declaratory relief) on an individual
                          basis.
                      
                    
                    
                      
                        English:
                        https://www.ebay.com/help/home
                      
                      
                        Chinese:
                        https://www.ebay.com.hk/help/home
                      
                    
                  
                  
                    
                      
                        eBay S.À R.L. (“eBay Sarl”) 
                        22-24, Boulevard Royal 
                        L-2449 Luxembourg 
                        RCS registration number: B164557 
                        VAT-ID LU26188648
                      
                      
                        eBay Sarl is authorized in Luxembourg as a payments institution and subject to the supervision
                        of the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF), 283 route d’Arlon, 1150
                        Luxembourg, (license no. 33/19). You can check eBay Sarl’s registration details by visiting
                        the CSSF’s website at
                        http://www.cssf.lu/en/.
                      
                    
                    
                      
                        Germany: https://www.ebay.de/help/home
                      
                      
                        France: https://www.ebay.fr/help/home
                      
                      
                        Italy:
                        https://www.ebay.it/help/home
                      
                      
                        Spain:
                        https://www.ebay.es/help/home
                      
                      
                        Austria:
                        https://www.ebay.at/help/home
                      
                      
                        Ireland:
                        https://www.ebay.ie/help/home
                      
                      
                        Switzerland:
                        https://www.ebay.ch/help/home
                      
                      
                        Belgium (French):
                        https://www.befr.ebay.be/help/home
                      
                      
                        Belgium (Dutch):
                        https://www.benl.ebay.be/help/home
                      
                      
                        Netherlands:
                        https://www.ebay.nl/help/home
                      
                      
                        Poland:
                        https://www.ebay.pl/help/home
                      
                    
                  
                  
                    
                      
                        eBay Commerce Canada Ltd. (“ECCA”) 
                        44 Chipman Hill 
                        Suite 1000 
                        Saint John NB E2L 2A9, Canada
                      
                    
                    
                      
                        English:
                        https://www.ebay.ca/help/home
                      
                      
                        French:
                        https://www.cafr.ebay.ca/help/home
                      
                    
                  
                  
                    
                      
                        eBay Commerce Australia Pty Ltd (“ECA”) 
                        Level 18 
                        1 York Street 
                        Sydney NSW 2000 
                        Australia
                      
                      
                        ECA is registered as a remittance service provider with, and is subject to the supervision of,
                        the Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre (“AUSTRAC”), PO Box K534 Haymarket NSW
                        1240. You can check ECA’s registration by visiting AUSTRAC’s website at
                        https://online.austrac.gov.au/ao/public/rsregister.seam.
                      
                    
                    
                      
                        https://www.ebay.com.au/help/home
                      
                    
                  
                  
                    
                      eBay Commerce UK Ltd (“ECUK”)
                      
                        1 More London Place,
                        London, SE1, 2AF, United Kingdom
                      
                      
                        ECUK is authorized in the UK as a payment institution and regulated by the Financial Conduct
                        Authority (“FCA”), with firm reference number 925354. You can check ECUK’s
                        registration details by visiting the FCA’s website
                        https://register.fca.org.uk.
                      
                    
                    
                      
                        https://www.ebay.co.uk/help/home
                      
                    
                  
                
              
            
          
          
          
            I. GENERAL PAYMENTS TERMS
            This Part I of the Payments Terms of Use applies to all Payment Services you receive from the eBay
              Payment Entities (also collectively referred to as “we” or “us” in this
              Part).
            
              1. About Payments on the eBay Services
              
                You agree to have the eBay Payment Entities receive or execute payments on your behalf in relation to
                your use of the eBay Services, and manage settlement of related payments to you (referred to as
                “Managed Payments,” “Payment Services,” or
                similar names).
              
              Buyers may pay for your items using payment methods such as the following, the availability of which
                may vary:
              
                Certain credit or debit cards (VISA, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover),
                PayPal,
                Google Pay,
                Apple Pay,
                Direct debit,
                “Pay Later” payment methods, otherwise known in some areas as payment via installments,
                  or “direct debit upon invoice” or “payment upon invoice,” or “Buy Now
                  Pay Later”,
                eBay coupons, gift cards, etc. (if applicable), or
                Funds held in a stored value account issued under eBay’s Balance Terms and Conditions
                  (currently only available to selected sellers residing or established in the United States). 
                
              
              We may modify the scope of payment methods available at our sole discretion.
              The underlying contract for the buyer’s purchase of “items” (which may refer to goods and/or services)
                from you is directly concluded between you and the buyer.
              
                After a Managed Payments transaction occurs, you will receive a notification confirming such payment
                transaction. We will initiate settlement of proceeds received to your Linked Financial Account (as
                defined below in Part I, Section 4 “Seller Onboarding”). You can
                access the status of your Managed Payments transactions, including settlements and other payment
                information, under the Payments tab in the Seller
                  Hub, which will be
                available to you when you successfully onboard to Managed Payments. If a payment is made to you in
                error, or if you receive funds that you are not otherwise entitled to receive at the time of
                disbursement, we have the right to recoup such amounts from you.
              
            
            
              2. International Sales
              
                Because multiple eBay Payment Entities provide Payment Services, you may receive Payment
                  Services from more than one eBay Payment Entity, as follows:
              
              
                If you receive Payment Services from an eBay Payment Entity, such entity is appointed to process
                  transactions and manage the settlement of funds related to your sales.
                
                  Each eBay Payment Entity is appointed to manage payments for sales on one or more sites, as set forth
                  in the table below (“Responsible Payment Entity”). The site on which you
                  list your item will determine the Responsible Payment Entity for a given
                  sale. For example, ECA would be the Responsible Payment Entity if you sell an item that you listed on
                  ebay.com.au.
                
                
                  Your “Payout Entity” is the eBay Payment Entity associated with the
                  country in which you reside or are established as a business. Your Payout Entity is assigned to you as
                  illustrated in the table below, unless you and we otherwise agree. You will
                  receive all disbursements to your Linked Financial Account from this entity, regardless of where you
                  list your items.
                
                
                  If you sell an item listed on an eBay site whose Responsible Payment Entity is also your Payout
                  Entity, your Payout Entity will process the sale and settle the corresponding funds to your Linked
                  Financial Account. For example, if your Payout Entity is ECCA, your funds awaiting
                  payout from sales on ebay.ca will be processed and settled to your Linked Financial Account by ECCA.
                
                
                  If you sell an item listed on an eBay site whose Responsible Payment Entity differs from your Payout
                  Entity, the Responsible Payment Entity will process the sale and transfer the corresponding funds to
                  your Payout Entity, which will receive the funds on your behalf and in turn
                  disburse them to your Linked Financial Account. For example, if your Payout Entity is eCI and you
                  reside in an “Additional Country” (as such term is defined in the chart below), your funds
                  awaiting payout from sales on ebay.de will be managed by eBay Sarl and settled
                  to eCI. eCI will then disburse the funds to your Linked Financial Account.
                
              
              The following table illustrates these distinctions:

              
                
                  
                    
                      eBay Payment Entity
                      Responsible Payment Entity for Sales of Items Listed on
                      Payout Entity for Sellers Residing or Established in
                      Additional Payments Terms
                    
                  
                  
                    
                      eCI
                      ebay.com
                      the United States (all references herein to the “United States” shall include its territories)
                        and all other countries (together, the “Additional Countries”) that are not included among the
                        countries associated with an eBay Payment Entity below
                      
                        II. ADDITIONAL PAYMENTS TERMS FOR SERVICES PROVIDED BY eBay Commerce
                          Inc.
                      
                    
                    
                      eBay Sarl
                      All European Economic Area (“EEA”) eBay sites (including ebay.de, ebay.ie,
                        ebay.fr, ebay.it, ebay.es, ebay.at, ebay.nl, ebay.be, befr.ebay.be, benl.ebay.be, ebay.pl etc.)
                        and ebay.ch
                      EEA countries (except Iceland) or Switzerland
                      
                        III. ADDITIONAL PAYMENTS TERMS FOR SERVICES PROVIDED BY eBay S.à r.l.
                      
                    
                    
                      ECCA
                      
                        ebay.ca 
                        cafr.ebay.ca
                      
                      Canada
                      
                        IV. ADDITIONAL PAYMENTS TERMS FOR SERVICES PROVIDED BY eBay Commerce
                          Canada Ltd.
                      
                    
                    
                      ECA
                      ebay.com.au
                      Australia
                      
                        V. ADDITIONAL PAYMENTS TERMS FOR SERVICES PROVIDED BY eBay Commerce
                          Australia Pty Ltd.
                      
                    
                    
                      ECUK
                      ebay.co.uk
                      the United Kingdom, Jersey, Guernsey, Gibraltar (references made herein to the “United
                        Kingdom” are deemed to also include Jersey, Guernsey or Gibraltar for the purposes of these
                        Payments Terms of Use)
                      
                        VI. ADDITIONAL PAYMENTS TERMS FOR SERVICES PROVIDED BY eBay Commerce UK
                          Ltd.
                      
                    
                  
                
              

              If you reside outside the EEA (except Iceland), the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, the performance of
                any Payment Services provided to you by eBay Sarl and/or ECUK is deemed suspended until an item you
                listed on a EEA, UK, or Swiss eBay site is sold.
              
                Payout Currency
                Your “Payout Currency” is the currency that we will use for settling
                  your transaction proceeds to your Linked Financial Account. We will generally determine your Payout
                  Currency as follows, unless you and we agree otherwise:
                
                  If you are a seller residing or established in the United States, your Payout Currency is the US
                    Dollar.
                  If you are a seller residing or established in an EEA country (except Iceland), your Payout
                    Currency will be the Euro.
                  If you are a seller residing or established in the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Liechtenstein, or
                    Australia, your Payout Currency will be based on your country of residence.
                  If you are a seller residing or established in Canada, your Payout Currency will be the Canadian
                    Dollar or, if offered by us and selected by you, the US Dollar.
                  If you are a seller residing or established in an Additional Country, then your Payout Currency is
                    the US Dollar, or such other currency as we may offer and you may select as determined by your
                    country of residence.
                
                
                  We may enable further Payout Currencies at our sole discretion in the future. Where offered by us and
                  agreed upon by you and your buyer, your buyer may pay for an item you sell with currency other than
                  your Payout Currency. When this happens, the paid amount will be converted
                  into your Payout Currency prior to disbursement of the funds to you, using the applicable transaction
                  exchange rate and assessing the currency conversion charge as indicated on our Fee Page described in
                  Section 3 (“Seller Payment Fees”) below. Similarly, your receipt
                  of eBay Services from Affiliates may cause you to incur fees which are published in a currency other
                  than your Payout Currency; if this happens, we may convert such fees into your Payout Currency in the
                  same manner as described in the prior sentence.
                
                Further, if you live in an Additional Country, the financial institution you opened your Linked
                  Financial Account with may charge you a separate fee for converting your funds from the US Dollar to
                  your local currency.
              
            
            
              3. Seller Payment Fees
              
                The fees and expenses which we charge in relation to your use of Managed Payments are, unless otherwise
                communicated to you, set forth in the applicable fee page linked in the tables below based on the
                country that you reside or are established in (“Fee Page”). For instance, if you
                reside in Australia and do not have an eBay store, clicking on the “Australia” link in the “Sellers in
                ___ without eBay Stores” column will take you to your applicable Managed Payments fee page; in contrast,
                if you reside in Australia and have an eBay store, you should click on the
                “Australia” link in the “eBay Store Sellers in” column. Such fees and expenses are subject to change, as
                set forth in the applicable User Agreement. For instance, if the Australian User Agreement is
                applicable, we may change our seller fees from time to time in the manner set out in the Australian User
                Agreement.
              

              
                
                  
                    
                      Sellers in ____ without eBay Stores
                      eBay Store Sellers in
                    
                  
                  
                    
                      
                        Australia
                      
                      
                        Australia
                      
                    
                    
                      
                        Canada
                          (English);
                        Canada
                          (French)
                      
                      
                        Canada
                          (English);
                        Canada
                          (French)
                      
                    
                    
                      
                        United
                          States
                      
                      
                        United
                          States
                      
                    
                  
                
              

              
                
                  
                    
                      Private, Individual, or Non-Professional Sellers in
                      Business or Professional Sellers in
                    
                  
                  
                    
                      
                        Austria
                      
                      
                        Austria
                      
                    
                    
                      
                        Belgium (Dutch);
                        Belgium (French)
                      
                      
                        Belgium
                          (Dutch);
                        Belgium
                          (French)
                      
                    
                    
                      
                        China (Mainland)
                      
                      
                        China (Mainland)
                      
                    
                    
                      
                        France
                      
                      
                        France
                      
                    
                    
                      
                        Germany
                      
                      
                        Germany
                      
                    
                    
                      
                        Hong Kong
                      
                      
                        Hong Kong
                      
                    
                    
                      
                        Ireland
                      
                      
                        Ireland
                      
                    
                    
                      
                        Italy
                      
                      
                        Italy
                      
                    
                    
                      
                        Macau
                      
                      
                        Macau
                      
                    
                    
                      
                        Netherlands
                      
                      
                        Netherlands
                      
                    
                    
                      
                        Poland
                      
                      
                        Poland
                      
                    
                    
                      
                        Spain
                      
                      
                        Spain
                      
                    
                    
                      
                        Switzerland
                      
                      
                        Switzerland
                      
                    
                    
                      
                        Taiwan
                      
                      
                        Taiwan
                      
                    
                    
                      
                        United
                          Kingdom
                      
                      
                        United
                          Kingdom
                      
                    
                    
                      
                        Additional
                          Countries and EEA Countries Not Identified Above
                      
                      
                        Additional
                          Countries and EEA Countries Not Identified Above
                      
                    
                  
                
              
              
                In some circumstances, you might be eligible for a credit of certain fees you paid, as described on the
                Fee Credits
                  page.
              
            

            
              4. Seller Onboarding
              
                In order to use our services, you must register and accept these Payments Terms of Use. If you reside in
                the EEA, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, your submission of your Managed Payments online
                registration application constitutes your offer to conclude this agreement. If your
                onboarding is not immediately confirmed, you will receive notification that you have been approved to
                receive services once we have reviewed your information.
              
              To use Managed Payments, you must:
              
                
                  Link a financial account, so you may receive settlements of proceeds from Managed Payments to this
                  account (“Linked Financial Account”). If you reside in the United States, Canada, the
                  United Kingdom, or Australia, your Linked Financial Account must be a bank account based in your
                  country of residence, or such other type of account or instrument (such as a debit card) that we may
                  permit in our discretion. If you reside in a country within the EEA (except Iceland), you may provide
                  a bank account located in any EEA member state (except Iceland), as your Linked Financial Account. If
                  you reside in Switzerland or Liechtenstein, you must provide a bank account located in Switzerland or
                  Liechtenstein as your Linked Financial Account. If you reside in an Additional Country, we may require
                  you to create a Linked Financial Account with a specific non-bank third-party financial institution to
                  receive payouts. Depending on the Additional Country that you reside in, we may also offer you the
                  option to use a bank account located in the Additional Country as a Linked Financial Account. If we
                  cannot make direct debits from your Linked Financial Account for Owed Amounts (as defined in Section
                  9), we require you to keep another payment method on file with us and we may withhold payouts to your
                  Linked Financial Account until you have successfully provided us with such other payment method.
                
                
                  At this time, you may only use our Payment Services to receive disbursements to a Linked Financial
                  Account. You may change your Linked Financial Account at any time as permitted by us. Payouts will be
                  made to your Linked Financial Account subject to (i) your completion of the
                  Linked Financial Account verification process, and (ii) the completion of our assessment for security
                  and risk purposes and under our anti-money laundering and other legal obligations. Our assessment
                  typically takes up to two (2) days after your completion of the verification
                  process, or longer if any issues or irregularities arise in which case we will complete our assessment
                  without undue delay. If you reside in an Additional Country and we offer you the option to receive
                  payouts to more than one Linked Financial Account, we will allocate your
                  payouts among your Linked Financial Accounts in conformity with your instructions. By adding a Linked
                  Financial Account to your eBay account, you represent and warrant that you are the lawful owner of, or
                  have the lawful right to use, any Linked Financial Account you associate
                  with your account. In certain circumstances, we may permit you to direct payouts to a Linked Financial
                  Account owned or controlled by your legal representative. If you elect to receive payouts to a Linked
                  Financial Account owned or controlled by a legal representative, you
                  represent and warrant that the legal representative has the authority to receive payouts on your
                  behalf, and you fully release us from any and all liability for losses you may sustain arising from
                  disbursements made by us to the legal representative under these Payments Terms of
                  Use.
                
                
                  Provide us with all information which we may require for purposes that include: verifying your
                  identity, complying with applicable laws and regulations such as anti-money laundering and sanctions
                  screening obligations, allowing us to manage settlements of your transaction
                  proceeds, and assessing fraud and risk. If you are an individual, this information may include,
                  without limitation, your full name, address, phone number, date of birth, taxpayer identification
                  number, bank account information, and a form of government-issued identification
                  (e.g., a copy of your identity card or driver’s license). If you are a business, this
                  information may include, without limitation, your full business name, address, phone number, entity
                  type, bank account information, tax identification number, and business number, in
                  addition to details regarding your beneficial owner(s), director(s), officer(s), authorized
                  representative, legal representative, and/or primary contact, such as name, contact information,
                  nationality, title, and government-issued identification (such as a United States Social
                  Security Number). You understand that we will be unable to settle your proceeds or issue you any tax
                  documents (such as a United States Internal Revenue Service Form 1099-K) if you do not provide or
                  appropriately update us with accurate contact information and other requested
                  data.
                
                
                  Provide us with all information necessary to authenticate you or your payment transactions, which may
                  include validation of your phone number or email. You understand that we may be unable to execute
                  certain transactions or complete certain requests without this information.
                
                
                  Maintain in a timely manner the accuracy of the information we have on file, and consent to our
                  periodic updating of such stored information based on information provided by you, your bank, or other
                  payments services providers. You will only provide us information about payment or settlement methods
                  that you are authorized to use. You understand that if you update information such as your country of
                  residency, you may need to repeat some or all of the onboarding steps described above to continue
                  using Payment Services.
                
                
                  Comply with all, and not cause a third party to violate any, applicable laws, regulations, rules, and
                  terms and conditions in connection with your use of the eBay Services. You will not use Payment
                  Services to move funds associated with gambling. You understand that some third parties (such as
                  banks, credit and debit card issuers, credit and debit card networks, and payments services providers)
                  may have their own terms and conditions for the payment or settlement methods you or buyers choose to
                  use in connection with payments that we manage, such as terms and conditions that relate to the
                  settlement of funds, chargebacks, prohibited items, and overdrafts. Failure to abide by third-party
                  terms and conditions may result in fees assessed to you, delays in your receipt of funds, or other
                  actions taken by such third parties. You agree that we have no control over, or responsibility or
                  liability for, such fees, delays, or actions.
                
              
              
                You authorize us and our Affiliates to check information you provide to us, including by verifying the
                existence of your bank account and obtaining reports from, or comparing your information to, third-party
                sources. Such third-party sources may include without limitation, banks,
                credit agencies, data brokers, and other service providers. We reserve the right to close, suspend, or
                limit your account or rescind your access to any or all of our services in the event we are unable to
                obtain or verify any of this information. We are not responsible for any
                losses suffered by you as a result of incomplete or inaccurate information you provide.
              
            
            
              5. Shipping
              
                When you receive notice that a buyer has paid for an item through a Managed Payments transaction, you
                must then ship or otherwise deliver your item in accordance with the agreed
                shipping
                method.
              
            
            
              6. Managed Payments Limitations
              
                In some listings or categories, eBay may allow sellers to offer buyers the option to pay for a purchase
                directly to the seller without using the payment services offered by us under these Payments Terms of
                Use, for example by cash payment on pickup (“Offline Payment
                Methods”). We do not manage payments for such Offline Payment Methods. Offline Payment Methods are
                not covered by the eBay Money Back Guarantee or similar eBay buyer protection programs; additionally, we
                will not assist buyers or sellers with payment disputes (such as
                chargebacks) in connection with Offline Payment Methods. Your listings are subject to eBay’s payment
                  policies and any other terms about payments that may appear on the eBay
                Services, including terms relating to the payment and disbursement methods available to you for such
                listings.
              
            
            
              7. Using Managed Payments
              
                Returns and Cancellations; Refunds
                
                  If your buyer is entitled to a refund for a return
                    or cancellation for a Managed Payments transaction, based on an agreement between you and the
                  buyer or according to eBay’s
                  policies regarding such transaction, you authorize us to pay to the buyer the corresponding refund
                  amount on your behalf.
                
              
              
                eBay Buyer Protection Programs
                
                  eBay offers buyer protection programs on certain eBay Services to ensure that buyers receive the item
                  they ordered or get their money back. Such programs are referred to as “eBay
                      Buyer Protection Programs,” and known in many jurisdictions as the “eBay
                  Money Back Guarantee” (“eMBG”). You understand that if your buyer
                  successfully files a claim under such program for a Managed Payments transaction, the respective eBay
                  company offering
                  the eBay Buyer Protection Program (“eMBG Service Provider”)
                  will reimburse the buyer the amount owed on your behalf pursuant to the applicable User
                  Agreement and eMBG policy. According to the applicable
                  User
                    Agreement and eMBG
                    policy, you must reimburse
                  the eMBG Service Provider for any such amounts.
                
              
              
                Disputes
                
                  A buyer (or the owner of a payment instrument) may initiate a chargeback, direct debit reversal, or
                  PayPal buyer protection claim, or otherwise asks their financial institution to open a payment dispute
                  (all referred to solely within this Part I as
                  “Dispute”) in connection with a Managed Payments transaction. The final
                  outcome of the Dispute will be decided by the buyer’s financial institution. 
                
                
                  We will manage Disputes, as follows: When a Dispute is opened, we will notify you and ask you whether
                  you choose to accept or challenge the Dispute. If you accept the Dispute, you agree to the reversal of
                  the payment to the buyer. If you challenge the Dispute, eBay will submit to
                  the financial institution any relevant evidence you provide about the Dispute. You agree to provide
                  timely information to assist in the Dispute resolution process and understand that your failure to
                  provide requested information on the timeline we require and as specified by
                  credit and debit card networks' and other payment service providers' rules could adversely impact the
                  outcome of a Dispute investigation, up to complete forfeiture of the amounts in Dispute. If you accept
                  the Dispute or if the buyer’s financial institution decides in favor
                  of the buyer, the respective amount will be refunded to the buyer's original payment method and
                  charged to us. You must reimburse us for such charges, unless you are eligible for
                  seller
                    protection in which case you are not held liable for amounts refunded to the buyer. If you
                  choose to accept the Dispute, we may still decide to challenge the Dispute in our
                  discretion and at no additional costs to you. 
                
                
                  Some payment institutions offer an optional arbitration process to contest the results of an
                  individual Dispute. We may ask for your consent to participate in such arbitration process. If you
                  consent to chargeback arbitration, you authorize us to represent and defend you
                  throughout the arbitration. You will be responsible for all costs and expenses (including reasonable
                  legal fees and any arbitration fees assessed by third parties, arising from such arbitration
                  proceedings), as agreed between you and us in each case, and you authorize us to pay
                  these amounts on your behalf while the arbitration is pending. 
                
                
                  You will not contest the resolution of any Dispute that we investigate and/or re-present, nor will you
                  re-open resolved Dispute investigations. If you are a consumer in the EU, UK or Australia, or a Small
                  Business within the definition of Small Business Contract (as defined in s23 of Schedule 2 –
                  Australian Consumer Law of the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth)) (“Australian Small
                  Business”)
                  in Australia, your rights to file a complaint or to take legal action in court remain unaffected.
                
              
              
                Seller Protection
                
                  If you have met your eligibility requirements for, and fulfilled all your applicable obligations,
                  under the Seller
                    Protection policy, you will not be held liable for any amounts to be returned to buyers due to
                  eBay Buyer Protection Program claims, Disputes or unauthorized transactions with eBay spendable funds.
                
              
              
                Fines, Penalties and Losses
                
                  We are unable to manage payments for prohibited
                    and restricted items. Before listing your item, you must ensure it complies with eBay’s
                  rules, applicable
                  laws, and any additional restrictions imposed by credit card associations, network rules, or
                  third-party payments service providers that we may use.
                
                
                  You agree to indemnify and reimburse us for all reversals, chargebacks, claims, costs, losses,
                  damages, fees, fines, penalties and other liabilities and expenses incurred by us or brought against
                  us by a third party arising out of (a) your breach of these Payments Terms of Use or
                  the User Agreement including without limitation any violation of eBay’s policies; (b) your violation
                  of any law or the rights of a third party; or (c) any transaction processed by us for you for an item
                  or service you listed on eBay (including without limitation the accuracy of
                  your item description or any claim or dispute arising out of items or services offered or sold by
                  you).
                
              
              
                Holds
                We reserve the right to manage the risks associated with providing you the Payment Services, by
                  placing restrictions on your access to your funds when deemed necessary, as described in further
                  detail below.
                
                  You agree that we may place holds on your funds or instruct a payment service provider to hold your
                  funds, prior to disbursement. For the avoidance of doubt, if you receive funds to either a stored
                  value account issued to you under eBay’s Balance Terms and Conditions or to a payment account, a hold
                  may also be placed on such funds. If a hold is placed on your funds, the amount and status of the hold
                  will be displayed under the Payments tab in the Seller Hub/My eBay. We will notify you through the
                  eBay Message Center and/or by email and, depending on the reason, may request additional information
                  from you to help resolve the issue. A hold may be placed if we have reason to believe there is an
                  increased risk associated with the provision of our Payment Services or with a certain Managed Payment
                  transaction, for example if we cannot verify your identity or if your buyer files a dispute. Please
                  see our holds
                    help page for more detail on the hold types and examples. We take into consideration relevant
                  factors when assessing the risks including selling history, seller performance, returns and
                  cancellations, chargebacks, riskiness of the listing category, transaction value, the ability to make
                  direct debits from your Linked Financial Account, and the filing of eBay Buyer Protection Program
                  claims. We also may cancel or freeze the settlement of your proceeds as necessary to comply with our
                  legal obligations in connection with fraud prevention, risk management, or regulatory compliance, or,
                  upon lawful request by our Affiliates, to enable them to comply with legal obligations applicable to
                  them (such as compliance with tax-related obligations from EU DAC7
                  legislation). Any hold placed on
                  your funds will be lifted when the issue is resolved.
                
                
                  Unless your payout entity is eBay Sarl or ECUK, we may retain an amount that we reasonably believe may
                  be necessary to pay for any refunds, reimbursements, or other payments associated with returns,
                  Disputes, or other post-transaction activities, when your eBay account is closed.
                  Unless otherwise required by law, we will settle any unused retained amounts to your Linked Financial
                  Account within 180 days of your eBay account closure.
                
                Your bank’s holds and settlement procedures may at times cause delays in the settlement of
                  funds to your Linked Financial Account, and we do not have control over these delays.
              
              
                Reserves
                
                  In order to manage risk or secure your obligations under these Payments Terms of Use, we have the
                  right to require a reserve of transaction proceeds. This means that the respective portion of your
                  funds is reserved as unavailable for disbursement. Reserves may be in the form of
                  rolling and/or minimum reserves. 
                
                
                  
                    A rolling reserve is a reserve funded by withholding a set percentage of your transaction proceeds
                    each day for a fixed period to be released to you later at a scheduled time on a rolling basis. For
                    example, we may require a rolling reserve of 10% for a period of 60 days. Under
                    this requirement, 10% of your transaction proceeds earned on day 1 will be withheld from your
                    payouts and then be released to you on day 61. Subsequently, 10% of your transaction proceeds earned
                    on day 2 will be withheld and then released to you on day 62, and so forth. Rolling
                    reserves are the most common type of reserve. 
                  
                  
                    A minimum reserve is a requirement to hold a specific amount of money in your reserve. A
                    minimum reserve may be funded by contributing a set percentage of your daily transaction proceeds to
                    the reserve up to the minimum requirement, or by setting-off the entire amount of
                    the minimum requirement from your pending payouts. For example, if we require a minimum reserve of
                    $5,000, the reserve may be funded by contributing 10% of your transaction proceeds to the reserve
                    each day until the amount reaches $5,000. Alternatively, if your pending payouts
                    equal or exceed $5,000, the minimum reserve may be funded by setting off the reserve requirement
                    from your pending payouts at one-time in full.
                  
                
                
                  We may require a reserve if we have reason to believe there is an increased risk of non-fulfillment of
                  your obligations under these Payments Terms of Use. We take into consideration relevant risk factors
                  before requiring a reserve, including, as applicable (i) your eBay account
                  history, (ii) whether the category you are listing in has a higher likelihood of chargebacks or
                  refunds, (iii) whether your eBay account has an elevated number of customer claims or disputes, (iv)
                  your business and/or personal credit history (business sellers may be subject to
                  credit agency checks), (v) whether you are selling products in advance of availability (pre-selling
                  orders), and (vi) whether you have extended delivery time frames. Depending on your performance and
                  the risk associated with your use of Managed Payments, a reserve may be raised,
                  lowered, or removed at any time. The amount of each reserve (and any subsequent change) will be
                  reasonably determined based on the seller-specific risk (including the volume of your sales). The
                  amount and status of each reserve will be displayed under the Payments tab in the
                  Seller Hub/My eBay and we will notify you of any reserves we require of you.
                
                
                  If ECA is your Payout Entity, any reserve required of you is further subject to the Seller Reserve Terms and Conditions. By
                  accepting these Payments Terms of Use, you agree to the
                  Seller Reserve Terms and Conditions to
                  the extent they apply to you.
                
              
              
                Our Liability
                
                  If we have acted with reasonable precautions and/or in accordance with our legal obligations, we are
                  not liable for any unauthorized, incorrectly, unexecuted, or delayed payment transactions when such
                  issues were caused by abnormal and unforeseeable circumstances beyond our
                  control.
                
                Signature
                
                  In instances where we are required to collect your signature to meet anti-money laundering and/or
                  other legal requirements, we may (where not prohibited by applicable law) treat your acceptance of
                  these Payments Terms of Use as the equivalent of you providing us your signature.
                
              
            
            
              8. Security; Third-Party Providers; Data Protection
              
                Security
                
                  You acknowledge the importance of the security measures we put in place with regards to Managed
                  Payments, and agree to comply with them. You are responsible for maintaining the security of all
                  passwords, codes, or other login credentials used to access your eBay account and the
                  related Payment Services and, subject to eBay’s seller protection policies, for any transactions
                  made or actions taken using your eBay account.
                
                
                  If you become aware of an unauthorized payment transaction or of a delayed or incorrectly executed
                  transaction, you must notify us immediately by using a contact method stated in the
                  “Introduction” of these Payments Terms of Use, above. If you notify us by telephone
                  of such a transaction, we may request written confirmation immediately following the notification. The
                  notification shall be free of charge.
                
              
              
                Third-Party Providers
                
                  We may use our Affiliates or third-party service providers (for example companies that process
                  payments and disburse settlements, perform risk assessments or compliance checks, verify identity, or
                  validate payment or settlement methods) in different
                  locations to assist us in providing
                  Managed Payments. Our Affiliates or third-party service providers may further outsource the services
                  to other eBay Affiliates or third-party service providers. In this context we
                  may transfer your data to such eBay Affiliates or third-party service providers to whom services are
                  outsourced. At times, we may communicate to you through the eBay Affiliate which provides the eBay
                  Services to you. For example, our Affiliate may notify you of a hold or other
                  restrictions taken on your account. As relating to outsourced services, you hereby explicitly agree to
                  our use of such eBay Affiliates or third-party service providers to assist us in providing Managed
                  Payments and the outsourcing of services in relation thereto (including the
                  right to sub-outsource), and you accept that the obligation of secrecy does not exist with respect to
                  the related transfer of data (e.g. contact details, account information, sales related information) to
                  such eBay Affiliates and third-party service providers. Our Affiliates and
                  third-party service providers are either subject by law to a professional secrecy obligation, as
                  provided by the law applicable to the eBay Affiliates or third-party service providers, or will be
                  contractually bound to comply with strict confidentiality rules. Customer data
                  transferred in accordance with these purposes will only be accessible to a limited number of persons
                  within the relevant eBay Affiliates or third-party service providers, on a need to know basis.
                  Regardless of whether we use eBay Affiliates or third-party service providers, the
                  appropriate eBay Payment Entity remains responsible to you for the performance of the services
                  contemplated under these Payments Terms of Use.
                
                
                  In conformity with our User
                    Privacy Notice, we may also share information collected by us pursuant to these Payments Terms
                  of Use with our Affiliates as
                  necessary to enable your continued use of our Payment Services and the eBay Services. Please view our
                  User Privacy Notice for more information on the collection and processing of personal data, including
                  details on processing purposes and legal bases under applicable data
                  protection laws.
                
              
              
                Data Protection
                
                  Our performance of Payment Services entails the processing of your buyer’s personal data when a sale
                  happens. With respect to such data processing, you, the Responsible Payment Entity, and the Payout
                  Entity each act as a separate data controller/business under the applicable data
                  protection laws (which may without limitation include, the General Data Protection Regulation, the
                  California Consumer Privacy Act, or other data protection laws to which you are subject). You agree
                  to: comply with your obligations as a data controller/business pursuant to the
                  applicable data protection laws, and provide us with all such reasonable cooperation, information, and
                  assistance as necessary for us to meet our requirements as a data controller/business.
                
              
            
            
              9. Collection of Fees and Other Amounts You Owe
              
                You authorize us to collect from you any amounts you owe us, our Affiliates (in particular the Affiliate
                which provides the eBay Services to you), or third parties who, as separately authorized by you, provide
                services to you in connection with your use of the eBay Services (such
                as shipping carriers), under these Payments Terms of Use, the  User
                  Agreement, any other service contract, policy, agreement or as required by law (referred to as
                “Owed Amounts”). Owed Amounts typically include the following:
              
              
                Fees;
                Amounts as described in “Returns and Cancellations; Refunds”, “Disputes” or
                  “Fines, Penalties and Losses” in Section 7 above;
                Amounts you owe the eMBG Service Provider under the applicable eMBG Policy;
                Taxes or other charges related to your use of our or our Affiliates’ services, if applicable
                  and required by law; and
                Amounts we incorrectly settled to you due to a payment processing error or otherwise (see Section 1
                  above).
              
              
                For clarity, your authorization permits us to collect amounts which you already owe to us, our
                Affiliates or third parties as described above. This authorization does not establish any new claims for
                payment against you. In some cases, our Affiliates may assign a claim against you
                for payment of Owed Amounts payable by you to us.
              

              Collection of the Owed Amounts may be carried out on a one-time, sporadic, or recurring basis by the
                following means:
              
                Retaining such amounts from your current or future disbursements relating to any transactions that
                  you may have in connection with any eBay account owned by you;
                Recouping from your Linked Financial Account (and if required, by issuing a direct debit mandate or
                  other similar authorization);
                Recouping from any other payment instrument or payment method you may have authorized or placed on
                  file with us or our Affiliates (for example, to pay for seller fees, shipping labels, or dispute
                  resolution);
                Recouping from your stored value account, if a stored value account has been issued to you;
                Recouping from your payment account, if a payment account has been issued to you (see Part III); and
                
                Retaining collections agencies or using other collections methods, if the collection by other means
                  has been unsuccessful.
              
              
                You authorize us to choose the method of collection among those listed above. We generally deduct Owed
                Amounts from your current or future disbursements we process on your behalf. If a stored value account
                or payment account has been issued to you, we will deduct the Owed Amounts
                from funds held in the relevant stored value account or payment account before disbursing the funds to
                you. If your disbursements awaiting payout or funds held are not sufficient to cover these amounts, we
                will charge your Linked Financial Account or another payment method on file.
                If you have several payment instruments on file, you may indicate a specific payment instrument as your
                preferred payment method for collecting Owed Amounts in your eBay account.
              
              
                You also authorize the Affiliate whom you have entered into the User
                  Agreement with for the provision of eBay Services to charge you for any Owed Amounts on our behalf
                from any
                payment method you may have on file with such Affiliate.
              
              
                If you provide us with a SEPA/BACS direct debit mandate for debiting Owed Amounts from your bank
                account, any required advance notice will be given to you at least three days prior to charging your
                bank account. At any point prior to you explicitly cancelling a SEPA/BACS direct
                debit mandate we have obtained from you, we may deduct Owed Amounts based on such mandate. Unless you
                are a consumer in the EU or UK, you waive, to the extent possible under applicable law, any rights you
                may have to receive advance notice of any particular preauthorized charge.
              
              If our attempt to recoup an Owed Amount from a payment instrument you have authorized us to use fails
                as a result of your acts or omissions, we may charge you for the failed attempt as set forth on the Fee
                Page or as applicable in Parts IV and V below.
            
            
              10. Amendment
              All sellers (except consumers in Germany)
              
                We may amend these Payments Terms of Use by notifying you of the changes in writing (for example, by
                posting a revised version of these Payments Terms of Use on our website, including the Seller Hub or the
                eBay Message Center). Before the anticipated effective date of such change, we will notify you at least
                fourteen (14) days prior, or
              
                if your Payout Entity is eBay Sarl or ECUK, then two (2) months prior; 
                if your Payout Entity is ECA, then thirty (30) days prior. 
              
              
              
                If you are a consumer (i.e., not a business) outside of Germany whose Payout Entity is eBay Sarl or
                ECUK, you will be deemed to have consented to these changes unless you explicitly reject them before the
                anticipated effective date. For all other sellers, your continued use of
                Managed Payments beyond the effective date of the changes will constitute your acceptance of the
                changes.
              
              Consumers in Germany
              
                If you are a consumer in Germany, we may offer you changes to these Payments Terms of Use at any time.
                We will be notifying you in text-form, for example via email, and/or the Seller Hub or the eBay Message
                Center of any proposed changes at least two (2) months before the
                anticipated effective date of such change.
              
              The changes offered to you shall only become effective if you accept them as follows:
              
                If a proposed change is a material change (as defined below), we will ask for your active consent to
                  such a change.
                
                  If a proposed change is not a material change, you will be deemed to have consented to these changes
                  unless you explicitly reject them by notice to us in text form (e.g. via email) before the anticipated
                  effective date. In case of such changes, we will inform you in the notice
                  with which we offer you the changes about the right of rejection, the period of time and your
                  termination right (see subsection below). 
                
              
              
                A “material change” is a change of these Payments Terms of Use (especially with respect to provisions
                defining the type and general scope of the agreed services or the term and termination) in our favor,
                which would significantly shift the balance between service and remuneration
                to your disadvantage or would effectively establish an entirely new contract.
              
              A change which is due to a requirement of law, a legally binding court decision or an injunction does
                not constitute a material change.
              Termination right in case of amendments (all sellers)
              
                If you do not agree to proposed changes, you may terminate these Payments Terms of Use, pursuant to
                Section 11 (“Term, Termination”) below, without any extra cost at any time before the
                effective date. We always publish the amended Payments Terms of Use on the eBay
                website.
              
            
            
              11. Term, Termination
              These Payments Terms of Use are effective indefinitely, unless terminated in accordance with the below.
              
              
                We may terminate these Payments Terms of Use by giving written notice fourteen (14) days prior or if
                eBay Sarl or ECUK is your Payout Entity, then two (2) months prior via email to your registered email
                address. However, we may also terminate these Payments Terms of Use on less
                notice or with immediate effect in the following scenarios:
              
              
                We are required to do so by law or a court order,
                A governmental authority requires us to do so to comply with anti-money laundering or
                  counter-terrorism financing obligations,
                We have reasonable grounds to believe you are carrying out a prohibited or illegal activity
                  (including, but not limited to, financial crimes such as fraud, bribery, corruption money laundering,
                  or sanctions violations),
                We are unable to verify your or your business’s identity, or any other information pertaining
                  to you, or
                You are otherwise in breach of a material contractual obligation of these Payments Terms of Use, or
                  seriously or persistently violating any provisions of these terms in any other way.
              

              
                If eBay Sarl or ECUK is your Payout Entity, you may terminate these Payments Terms of Use and close your
                payment account, without prejudice to the termination events foreseen above, by giving one (1) month
                notice by notifying eBay Sarl preferably via email at payments@ebay.de or ECUK at Paymentsinfouk@ebay.co.uk or by contacting the Customer
                Service via any of the available communication methods (e.g. Contact Us form, chat).
              

              If eBay Sarl or ECUK is not your Payout Entity, you may terminate these Payments Terms of Use by
                closing your eBay account; if you use Managed Payments after such termination, you will be deemed to
                have again accepted these Payments Terms of Use.
              If you give notice of termination to one eBay Payment Entity, such notice shall also be deemed as a
                termination notice to the remaining eBay Payment Entities.
              
                Your use of the eBay Services as a seller requires continued registration for Managed Payments. Should
                you therefore terminate this agreement, you will not be able to use the eBay Services provided by our
                Affiliates. Our Affiliates which provide you the eBay Services according to
                the User Agreement may terminate the User Agreement pursuant to the termination provisions
                therein. 
              
              
                Termination of this Agreement shall not affect the rights or liabilities of either party accrued until
                termination and/or any terms intended (expressly or implicitly) to survive termination, including your
                obligation to pay amounts owed to us relating to your activities prior to
                termination and our right to collect from you such amounts in accordance with these Payments Terms of
                Use. If there are pending payment transactions at the time the termination takes effect, they will be
                processed pursuant to terms of these Payments Terms of Use unless prohibited
                by law. As of the effective date of the termination, you will not be able to sell any items on eBay
                Services anymore.
              
            
            
              12. Assignment
              In our sole discretion, we may assign our rights and obligations under these Payments Terms of Use and,
                in such event, we will notify you accordingly.
            
          
          
          
            II. ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR SERVICES PROVIDED BY eCI
            In addition to the General Payments Terms above, the following provisions apply with respect to Payment
              Services you receive from eCI. Within this section, “we” or “us” refers to eCI.
            
            
              As between you and eCI, these Payments Terms of Use incorporate by this reference the provisions of the User
                Agreement to the extent applicable to this agreement. In the event of any
              conflict between the User
                Agreement and these Payments Terms of Use, these Payments Terms of Use will govern.
            
            We may change, discontinue, enhance, or modify features of Managed Payments at any time.
            
              
                Expand Part II
              
              
                
                  1. Appointment of eCI as Agent
                  
                    eCI will receive payments on your behalf as your agent. You hereby appoint eCI as your agent
                      for the limited purpose of receiving, holding and settling payments for Managed Payments
                      transactions.
                  
                  
                    A payment received by us from a buyer, on your behalf, satisfies the buyer’s obligation to you
                    in the amount of the payment received, regardless of whether we actually settle such payment to you.
                    In the event that we do not make any such payment to you as described in
                    these Payments Terms of Use, you will have recourse against us only and not against the buyer, as
                    such payment is deemed to be made by the buyer to you upon receipt by us. To the extent permissible
                    under the rules of any third-party or governmental body with jurisdiction over
                    us, you agree that we are not liable for your acts and omissions and you understand that we disclaim
                    any such liability.
                  
                
                
                  2. Receipt and Settlement of Funds
                  
                    After a Managed Payments transaction occurs, you will receive a notification confirming such payment
                    transaction. In certain instances, your transaction may be declined, frozen, or held
                      for any reason including for suspected fraud, high risk or potential violation of any regulation,
                      compliance with economic or trade sanctions, eBay or eCI policies, or a policy of one of our
                      third-party
                      payments services providers.
                  
                  
                    Funds received by us on your behalf represent an unsecured claim for payment against us, but do not
                    constitute deposits; nor are these amounts eligible for FDIC pass-through insurance. eCI may combine
                    your funds with the funds of other eCI customers in pooled custodial accounts and invest the funds
                    in accordance with state money transmitter laws. You do not have any ownership interest in these
                    investments and any interest earned from these investments will be retained by us. To the extent you
                    may have any beneficial ownership in the interest or proceeds of these investments, your acceptance
                    of these terms constitutes an assignment of any right, title or interest therein to us.
                  
                  
                    If we are your Payout Entity, we will initiate settlement of proceeds received to your Linked
                    Financial Account. We may, in our sole discretion, offer you the option to receive your proceeds to
                    a stored value account issued to you by us. Your transaction proceeds, other than
                    those being held in accordance with these Payments Terms of Use, and subject to the estimated
                    settlement times set forth in the next sentence, will be aggregated to a batch for settlement to you
                    on a regular basis (for example, a single daily settlement for all
                    transactions ready for disbursement to you that day), unless otherwise requested by you and agreed
                    to by us. We anticipate that Managed Payments transaction proceeds will generally be settled to your
                    Linked Financial Account approximately two to seven business days after the
                    buyer's transaction, although actual settlement times may vary for individual transactions based on
                    circumstances such as your bank’s processing times. Notwithstanding the foregoing, when you
                    onboard to Managed Payments, we may initially place you on a different payout schedule (no less
                    frequently than monthly) and will communicate the applicable payout schedule to you in My eBay or
                    Seller Hub.
                  
                  
                    We may diverge from this procedure as needed for compliance or operational reasons. If we are unable
                    to settle the Managed Payments proceeds, then, depending on the reason why we are unable to settle
                    the proceeds, we may refund the buyer (e.g., when we cannot process your information for technical
                    reasons or you violate these Payments Terms of Use, etc.) or otherwise process these funds in
                    accordance with applicable law, including abandoned property laws, such as by escheating funds to a
                    governmental body after the passage of an applicable period of time, or our policies.
                  
                
                
                  3. Authorization for Collection of Owed Amounts
                  
                    You hereby authorize eCI to debit or charge any Owed Amount from your Linked Financial
                      Account or any other payment method you have on file with us, including your stored value account
                      (if stored value has been issued to you). Your authorization will remain in full force and
                      effect until the earlier occurrence of: our receipt from you of any written communication that
                      revokes such authorization, or upon the closure or termination of your eBay account.
                  
                  
                    To the extent permitted by law, you hereby irrevocably sell, assign, grant, convey and transfer to
                    eBay and its Affiliates, as applicable, all of your rights, title, and interests in any and all
                    accounts receivable, payments of money, and general intangibles owed in your favor
                    to satisfy any and all obligations or liabilities you owe to eBay or its applicable Affiliate in
                    connection with your use of Managed Payments and eBay Services for the sale of goods or services to
                    your Buyers.
                  
                
                
                  4. Legal Disputes
                  
                    PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS AND WILL HAVE A SUBSTANTIAL
                      IMPACT ON HOW CLAIMS YOU AND eCI HAVE AGAINST EACH OTHER ARE RESOLVED.
                  
                  
                    You and eCI agree that any claim or dispute at law or equity that has arisen, or may arise,
                      between you and eCI (or any related third parties) that relates in any way to or arises out of
                      this or previous versions of these Payments Terms of Use, your use of or access to
                      Managed Payments, or the actions of eCI or its agents, will be resolved in accordance with the
                      provisions set forth in this Legal Disputes Section.
                  
                  
                    A. Applicable Law
                    
                      You agree that, except to the extent inconsistent with or preempted by federal law, the laws of
                      the State of Utah, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Payments
                      Terms of Use and any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and
                      eCI, except as otherwise stated in these Payments Terms of Use.
                    
                  
                  
                    B. Agreement to Arbitrate
                    
                      You and eCI each agree that any and all disputes or claims that have arisen, or may arise,
                        between you and eCI (or any related third parties) that relate in any way to or arise out of
                        this or previous versions of these Payments Terms of Use, your use of or access to
                        Managed Payments, the actions of eCI or its agents, or any products or services sold, offered,
                        or purchased through the Services shall be resolved exclusively through final and binding
                        arbitration, rather than in court. In this Legal Disputes Section, the term “related
                        third parties” includes your and eCI’s respective affiliates, subsidiaries, parent companies,
                        predecessors, successors, assigns, as well as your, eCI’s, and these entities’ employees and
                        agents. Alternatively, you may assert your claims in small claims court, if your claims
                        qualify and so long as the matter remains in such court and advances only on an individual
                        (non-class, non-representative) basis. The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation
                        and enforcement of this Agreement to Arbitrate.
                    
                    
                      
                        Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief
                        
                          YOU AND ECI AGREE THAT EACH OF US MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY ON AN
                            INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, OR
                            REPRESENTATIVE OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING. UNLESS BOTH YOU AND ECI
                            AGREE OTHERWISE,
                            THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE OR JOIN MORE THAN ONE PERSON'S OR PARTY'S CLAIMS, AND MAY
                            NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A CONSOLIDATED, REPRESENTATIVE, CLASS, OR PRIVATE
                            ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING. ALSO, THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD RELIEF (INCLUDING
                            MONETARY, INJUNCTIVE, AND DECLARATORY RELIEF) ONLY IN FAVOR OF THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING
                            RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE RELIEF NECESSITATED BY THAT PARTY'S
                            INDIVIDUAL CLAIM(S). ANY RELIEF AWARDED CANNOT AFFECT OTHER USERS.
                          
                          If a court decides that applicable law precludes enforcement of any of this paragraph's
                          limitations as to a particular claim or a particular request for a remedy (such as a request
                          for injunctive relief), then that claim or that remedy request (and only that claim or that
                          remedy request) must be severed from the arbitration and may be brought in court, subject to
                          your and eCI’s right to appeal the court's decision. All other claims will be arbitrated.
                        
                      
                      
                        Arbitration Procedures
                        
                          Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator
                          instead of a judge or jury, and court review of an arbitration award is very limited. However,
                          an arbitrator can award the same damages and relief on an individualized basis that a
                          court can award to an individual. An arbitrator should apply the terms of these Payments Terms
                          of Use as a court would. All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except that issues
                          relating to arbitrability, the scope or enforceability of this Agreement to Arbitrate,
                          or the interpretation of Section 1 of this Agreement to Arbitrate ("Prohibition of Class and
                          Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief"), shall be for a court of competent
                          jurisdiction to decide.
                        
                        
                          The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under its
                          rules and procedures, including the AAA's Consumer Arbitration Rules and the AAA’s
                          Commercial Arbitration Rules (as applicable), as modified by this Agreement to Arbitrate.
                          The AAA's rules are available at www.adr.org.  In the
                          event that the AAA is unavailable to administer the arbitration, another administrator will be
                          selected by the parties or the court.
                        
                        
                          A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send to the other, by certified mail, a
                          valid Notice of Dispute ("Notice"), which may be downloaded at this link: http://p.ebaystatic.com/aw/help/legal/Notice_of_Dispute.pdf.
                          The Notice to eCI must be sent to eBay Inc., Attn: Litigation Department, Re: Notice of
                          Dispute, 583 W. eBay Way, Draper, UT 84020. Any such Notice addressed to and received by eBay
                          will also be deemed to be received by eCI, if such Notice regards services offered by
                          eCI. eCI will send any Notice to you to the physical address we have on file associated with
                          your eBay account; it is your responsibility to keep your physical address up to date. To be
                          valid, you must personally sign the Notice and complete all information on the Notice
                          form, including a description of the nature and basis of the claims the party is asserting,
                          the specific relief sought, and the email address and phone number associated with your
                          account.
                        
                        
                          If you and eCI are unable to resolve the claims described in a valid Notice within 30 days
                          after eCI receives the Notice, you or eCI may initiate arbitration proceedings. A form for
                          initiating arbitration proceedings is available on the AAA's site at www.adr.org. In
                          addition to filing this form with the AAA in accordance with its rules and procedures, the
                          party initiating the arbitration must mail a copy of the completed form to the opposing party.
                          You may send a copy to eCI at the following address: eBay Commerce Inc. c/o CT
                          Corporation System, 1108 E South Union Ave., Midvale, UT 84047. In the event eCI initiates an
                          arbitration against you, it will send a copy of the completed form to the physical address we
                          have on file associated with your eBay account. Any settlement offer made by you or
                          eCI shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator.
                        
                        
                          Where no disclosed claims or counterclaims exceed $25,000, the dispute shall be resolved by
                          the submission of documents only, subject to the arbitrator's discretion to require an
                          in-person hearing, if the circumstances warrant. In cases where an in-person hearing is held,
                          you and/or eCI may attend by telephone, unless the arbitrator requires otherwise.
                        
                        
                          The arbitrator will decide the substance of all claims in accordance with applicable law,
                          including recognized principles of equity, and will honor all claims of privilege recognized
                          by law. The arbitrator shall not be bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving
                          different users, but is bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving the same eCI user to
                          the extent required by applicable law. The arbitrator's award shall be final and binding and
                          judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having
                          jurisdiction thereof.
                        
                      
                      
                        Costs of Arbitration
                        
                          Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules,
                          unless otherwise stated in this Agreement to Arbitrate. If you complied with the Notice of
                          Dispute procedures of Section 2 of this Agreement to Arbitrate (“Arbitration
                          Procedures”) and the value of the relief sought is $10,000 or less, at your request, eCI will
                          pay all administration, and arbitrator fees associated with the arbitration. Any request for
                          payment of fees by eCI should be submitted by mail to the AAA along with your Demand
                          for Arbitration and eCI will make arrangements to pay administration and arbitrator fees
                          directly to the AAA. In the event the arbitrator determines the claim(s) you assert in the
                          arbitration to be frivolous, you agree to reimburse eCI for all fees associated with the
                          arbitration paid by eCI on your behalf that you otherwise would be obligated to pay under the
                          AAA's rules. eCI will pay as much of the filing, administration, and arbitrator fees as the
                          arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the cost of accessing the arbitration forum from
                          being prohibitive.
                        
                      
                      
                        Severability
                        
                          With the exception of any of the provisions in Section 1 of this Agreement to Arbitrate
                          ("Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief"), if an
                          arbitrator or court decides that any part of this Agreement to Arbitrate is invalid or
                          unenforceable, the other parts of this Agreement to Arbitrate shall still apply.
                        
                      
                      
                        Opt-Out Procedure
                        
                          IF YOU ARE A NEW USER OF OUR PAYMENT SERVICES, YOU CAN CHOOSE TO REJECT THIS AGREEMENT
                            TO ARBITRATE ("OPT-OUT") BY MAILING US A WRITTEN OPT-OUT NOTICE ("OPT-OUT NOTICE"). THE
                            OPT-OUT NOTICE MUST BE POSTMARKED NO LATER THAN 30 DAYS AFTER THE DATE YOU ACCEPT THESE
                            PAYMENTS TERMS OF USE FOR THE FIRST TIME. YOU MUST MAIL THE OPT-OUT NOTICE TO EBAY INC.,
                            ATTN: LITIGATION DEPARTMENT, RE: OPT-OUT NOTICE, 583 WEST EBAY WAY, DRAPER, UT 84020. ANY
                            SUCH OPT-OUT NOTICE ADDRESSED TO AND RECEIVED BY EBAY WILL ALSO BE DEEMED TO BE RECEIVED BY
                            ECI, IF SUCH OPT-OUT NOTICE REGARDS SERVICES OFFERED BY ECI.
                        
                        
                          For your convenience, we are providing an Opt-Out Notice form. You
                          must complete and mail that to us in order to opt out of the Agreement to Arbitrate. You must
                          complete the Opt-Out Notice form by
                          providing the information called for in the form, including your name, address (including
                          street address, city, state and zip code), and the user ID(s) and email address(es) associated
                          with the eBay Service account(s) to which the opt-out applies. You must sign the
                          Opt-Out Notice for it to be effective. This procedure is the only way you can opt out of the
                          Agreement to Arbitrate. If you opt out of the Agreement to Arbitrate, all other parts of these
                          Payments Terms of Use and its Legal Disputes Section will continue to apply to you.
                          Opting out of this Agreement to Arbitrate has no effect on any previous, other, or future
                          arbitration agreements that you may have with us.
                        
                      
                      
                        Future Amendments to the Agreement to Arbitrate
                        
                          Notwithstanding any provision in the User Agreement or these Payments Terms of Use to the
                          contrary, you and we agree that if we make any amendment to this Agreement to Arbitrate (other
                          than an amendment to any notice address or site link provided herein) in the future,
                          that amendment shall not apply to any claim that was filed in a legal proceeding against eCI
                          prior to the effective date of the amendment. The amendment shall apply to all other disputes
                          or claims governed by the Agreement to Arbitrate that have arisen or may arise
                          between you and eCI. We will notify you of amendments to this Agreement to Arbitrate by
                          posting the amended terms on www.eBay.com at least 30 days before the effective date of the
                          amendments and by providing notice through the eBay Message Center and/or by email. If you
                          do not agree to these amended terms, you may close your account within the 30-day period and
                          you will not be bound by the amended terms.
                        
                      
                    
                  
                  
                    C. Judicial Forum for Legal Disputes
                    
                      Unless you and we agree otherwise, in the event that the Agreement to Arbitrate above is found not
                      to apply to you or to a particular claim or dispute, either as a result of your decision to opt
                      out of the Agreement to Arbitrate or as a result of a decision by the arbitrator
                      or a court order, you agree that any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and
                      eCI must be resolved exclusively by a state or federal court located in Salt Lake County, Utah.
                      You and eCI agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located
                      within Salt Lake County, Utah for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes.
                    
                  
                
              
            
          
          
          
            III. ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR SERVICES PROVIDED BY EBAY SARL
            In addition to the General Payments Terms above, the following provisions apply with respect to Payment
              Services you receive from eBay Sarl. Within this section, “we” or “us” refers to
              eBay Sarl.
            
              As between you and eBay Sarl, these Payments Terms of Use incorporate by this reference the provisions of
              the User
                Agreement to the extent applicable to this agreement. In the event of any conflict between the User
                Agreement and these Payments Terms of Use, these Payments Terms of Use will govern.
            
            
              
                Expand Part III
              
              
                
                  1. Payment Service; Disabling Payment Methods
                  
                    You authorize eBay Sarl to acquire and settle payments that it receives on your behalf. When you
                    sell an item on eBay, you are deemed to be a payee, with eBay Sarl acting as your payment service
                    provider. In a refund, chargeback, or similar scenario, or if you use your funds to
                    pay, you may be deemed to be a payer, again with eBay Sarl acting as your payment service provider.
                    If eBay Sarl is your Payout Entity, eBay Sarl will open and hold a payment account for you.
                  
                  
                    The acceptance of a buyer’s payment instrument (for example, their Visa card), once it has
                    been authorized for payment, satisfies the buyer’s payment obligation to you, regardless of
                    whether we actually settle such payment to you. In the event that we do not make
                    any such payment to you as described in these Payments Terms of Use, you will have recourse against
                    us only and not against the buyer. To the extent permissible under the rules of any third-party or
                    governmental body with jurisdiction over us, you agree that we are not liable
                    for your acts and omissions and you understand that we disclaim any such liability.
                  
                  
                    We may disable specific payment method(s) available to buyers for all or some of your listings if we
                    reasonably believe the use of such payment methods for your transactions will increase regulatory,
                    financial, or other risk to us. For example, if you would like to offer a
                    high-priced item with a new eBay account, we may disable such payment methods where the amount is
                    credited with a time delay after the transaction (e.g. direct debit or payment upon invoice). In
                    assessing the risk, we consider relevant factors such as your sales history,
                    service status, eBay account history, risks associated with certain item categories, transaction
                    value, and number and monetary amounts of eBay Buyer Protection cases. We will re-enable the
                    affected payment method(s) for your listings once the risk no longer exists.
                  
                
                
                  2. Execution of Payment Transactions
                  When you, as a payee or payer, use Managed Payments, the payment transactions will be executed in
                    accordance with the payment schemes rules and procedures, or as otherwise agreed.
                  
                    Required Information
                    
                      Your payer (for example, the buyer of an item you sell on eBay) must ensure we are provided with
                      the data required for us to execute the payment transaction. If we do not have sufficient data to
                      execute such transaction, we reserve the right to ask your payer’s payment
                      service provider for the required information.
                    
                    We require the following information for the execution of a payment transaction:
                    
                      Your name,
                      Your eBay username,
                      The buyer’s name (where applicable),
                      The buyer’s eBay username, and any other data about the buyer which the buyer’s
                        payment service provider or we may require (where applicable),
                      The currency of the payment transaction (if possible, in abbreviated form),
                      The amount of the payment transaction, and
                      The beneficiary’s payment details.
                    
                    We may also require specific information, such as a one-time authorization code sent to your
                      verified phone number or email address, to authenticate a payment transaction (or to allow you to
                      access certain information related to Managed Payments on eBay).
                    
                      To the extent reasonably possible, we will automatically utilize the information stored in our
                      systems. Where the required information provided by you or your payer is not fully available or is
                      inaccurate, we will not bear any liability for any damage, delay, or other
                      consequence from the non-execution or defective execution of the relevant payment transaction.
                    
                  
                  
                    Receipt of Payment Orders
                    A payment order will be deemed to have been received by us if:
                    
                      Carried out by means of a payment card, then in accordance with the card schemes rules; or
                      
                      Received by our available electronic communication channels, then on the business day when it
                        is actually received by us.
                    
                    If the payment order is not received on a business day, it will be deemed to be received on the
                      next business day. “Business days” in this Part III of these Payments Terms of Use
                      shall mean the days on which banks in Luxembourg are open for regular business.
                    You may not revoke a payment order after we have received it. However, if we have agreed that a
                      payment order will be executed on a certain future date, the business day prior to this future
                      date will be the latest you can revoke the payment order.
                  
                  
                    Refusal of Payment Orders
                    We reserve the right to refuse the execution of a payment order when:
                    
                      The payment order information contains factual errors and/or is incomplete;
                      You have not satisfied your obligations under these Payments Terms of Use or any other
                        agreement between you and us;
                      There are doubts about the validity of the instruction, or the identity or authority of the
                        person giving the payment order; or
                      The payment order, if executed, would lead to a breach of the applicable rules, laws, or
                        regulations.
                    
                    We may charge a reasonable fee for such a refusal.
                    
                      You acknowledge that when executing a payment transaction, we may have to disclose information
                      mentioned above and your legal address to the other party’s payment service provider and, where
                      relevant, also to intermediaries involved in the execution of the payment
                      transaction. You expressly accept and instruct us to disclose such data.
                    
                    Where you are the payer, the execution of the transaction may depend on us having received the
                      respective amount from you prior to the execution.
                  
                
                
                  3. Settlement of Funds
                  
                    If we are your Payout Entity, we will initiate settlement of proceeds received to your Linked
                    Financial Account. Your payments will generally be initiated either automatically according to the
                    schedule you have pre-selected or “on demand” based on an individual
                    payment instruction we receive from you. However, if your payment account is not configured to
                    include a regularly scheduled settlement, we may periodically sweep available funds out of your
                    payment account and send them to your Linked Financial Account.
                  
                  
                    Your transaction proceeds, other than those being held in accordance with these Payments Terms of
                    Use, will be aggregated to a batch for settlement to you according to the payout schedule agreed
                    with you. For example, if you select weekly payouts, a single settlement will be initiated
                    automatically once a week for all transactions ready for disbursement to you on that day. If you
                    request a payout on demand, a single settlement will be initiated for all transactions ready for
                    disbursement to you on that day. You may be able to choose to have only a portion of your available
                    transaction proceeds paid out to your Linked Financial Account, leaving the rest in your payment
                    account. We anticipate that your transaction proceeds will be available on your payment account and
                    ready for disbursement approximately one to two business days after the buyer's completion of the
                    order, although actual availability may vary for individual transactions depending on the buyer’s
                    payment method, and when the payment transaction is received by us. We may diverge from the agreed
                    settlement process as needed for compliance or risk reasons. The balance on your payment account is
                    not a deposit. You will not receive interest or any other earnings on the money held in your payment
                    account.
                  
                  
                    If we are unable to settle your proceeds, then, depending on the reason why we are unable to settle
                    your proceeds, we may refund the buyer (e.g., in the event that we cannot process your information
                    due to technical reasons etc.) or otherwise process these funds in accordance with applicable law.
                  

                  We will provide you with monthly statements of your transactions free of charge, which can be
                    accessed in the Seller
                      Hub.
                
                
                  4. Liability for Unauthorized Payment Transactions
                  
                    You will be fully liable for all losses relating to an unauthorized payment transaction if you acted
                    fraudulently with respect to such a payment transaction, or if you failed to fulfill one or more of
                    the obligations under this agreement (such as keeping your credentials safe
                    or notifying us without undue delay) with intent or gross negligence.
                  
                
                
                  5. Our Liability
                  
                    We will refund you in full and are liable for losses directly and reasonably foreseeably incurred by
                    an incorrectly or non-executed payment transaction, provided that you have informed us of such
                    transaction without undue delay after becoming aware of the defect and in no event
                    later than thirteen (13) months after the transaction was executed, unless we failed to make
                    information about the transaction available to you.
                  
                  
                    We are liable for damages suffered as a result of willful misconduct or gross negligence. In case of
                    minor negligence, we are only liable for (a) damages resulting from injury to life, body, or health;
                    or (b) foreseeable typically occurring damages resulting from the breach of
                    an essential contractual obligation. Any further liability is excluded. 
                  
                  
                    If you are a business using the Payment Services, unforeseeable damages in accordance with the above
                    include (but are not limited to) loss of goodwill or reputation, direct or indirect loss of profits,
                    loss of data, loss of business and other intangible losses. You also
                    explicitly agree that as a business you may not benefit from the rights and liability regimes
                    deriving from the legal provisions with regard to payment services (Articles 79(1), 81(3), 86, 88 to
                    90, 93 and 101 of the Luxembourg Law of 10 November 2009 on payment services) in
                    the event of non-execution or defective execution of Payment Services under this agreement, meaning
                    we are not liable to you for the losses or damage you may suffer under those provisions.
                  
                
                
                  6. Shipping Labels
                  If buyers purchase a return shipping label at their own expense on the eBay website, eBay may
                    automatically deduct the label costs from the refund amount a buyer receives from you. If this
                    occurs, you agree (as a debtor to the buyer for the refund) to be delegated as a debtor to the
                    shipping carrier for the label costs, and authorize us to use the relevant part of the refund amount
                    to pay the shipping carrier on your behalf. You will not bear any additional shipping costs in this
                    event.
                  
                
                
                  7. Klarna
                  
                    On certain European eBay sites, buyers may choose a Klarna Payment Method to pay the purchase price
                    for any item you sell them. You hereby agree to and shall comply with the terms and conditions for
                    Klarna Payment Methods (“Klarna Payment Methods Terms”), which shall form an integral part of these
                    Payments Terms of Use. Subject to the following, you agree to sell and assign your purchase price
                    claims against buyers who choose a Klarna Payment Method to eBay Sarl, which will then sell and
                    assign these claims to Klarna Bank AB (publ), Sveavägen 46, 111 34 Stockholm, Sweden (“Klarna”)
                    based on an assignment-chain via our acquirer, e.g. Adyen N.V. (“Acquirer”). The buyers who use a
                    Klarna Payment Method will make their payments to Klarna, which will forward the payments to eBay
                    Sarl via the Acquirer, so that eBay Sarl will process and settle such payments according to these
                    Payments Terms of Use.
                  
                  
                    
                      Klarna Payment Methods Terms
                    
                    
                      
                        7.1. Contractual object and scope
                        
                          7.1.1 These Klarna Payment Methods Terms shall apply in addition to the other terms and
                          conditions agreed between you and eBay Sarl in these Payments Terms of Use and, in the event
                          of a conflict, shall prevail over such other terms and conditions in these Payments Terms
                          of Use.
                        
                        
                          7.1.2 Klarna is a payment institution that is constantly supervised and officially licensed by
                          Finansinspektionen, the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority. Klarna offers payment methods
                          for integration on eBay Services. The payment methods offered by Klarna ("Klarna
                          Payment Methods") include payment by invoice and payment by installments. Your buyers who
                          purchase items on eBay Services may use the currently available Klarna Payment Methods offered
                          by eBay to settle the purchase price claim.
                        
                        
                          7.1.3 If your respective buyer chooses one of the Klarna Payment Methods in connection with a
                          sales contract on the eBay Services (“Sales Contract”), eBay Sarl acquires your purchase price
                          claims against your buyers including all ancillary rights and will sell and assign these to
                          the Acquirer. The Acquirer will then sell and assign the purchased claims to Klarna, who will
                          assume the payment default risk in accordance with the following provisions. This arrangement
                          is further referred to as “Chain Factoring”.
                        
                        
                          7.1.4 Klarna and the Acquirer will not be a party to and not have any obligation under these
                          Payments Terms of Use or any other agreement between you and eBay Sarl, eBay, the buyer or any
                          third party.
                        
                      
                      
                        7.2. Integration of the Klarna Terms of Payment and the Klarna Privacy Notice
                        
                          In case of payment by invoice, you shall conclude with each buyer the Klarna
                            terms for payment by invoice (“Klarna Pay Later Terms”) for the
                          buyer’s use of
                          Klarna Payment Methods, as available online at https://cdn.klarna.com/1.0/shared/content/legal/terms/27220/de_de/invoice?fee=0.
                          You hereby agree and accept that the Klarna Pay
                          Later Terms shall become an integral part of each Sales Contract where the buyer uses the
                          Klarna Payment Method payment by invoice. Also, the Klarna Data Privacy Notice
                          (“Klarna-PN”) shall be made available to any buyer using a Klarna Payment Method.
                          You
                          hereby agree that Klarna has the Klarna Pay Later Terms and the Klarna-PN implemented into the
                          payment check-out of the Klarna Payment Methods and instruct Klarna to have the Klarna Pay
                          Later Terms and the Klarna-PN made available to the buyer on your behalf.
                        
                      
                      
                        7.3. Purchase and Assignment of Seller Receivables
                        
                          7.3.1 You agree that each receivable against your respective buyer in connection with a Sales
                          Contract where your buyer has chosen a Klarna Payment Method and which is nominated in EUR
                          (jointly the “Seller Receivables” and each a “Seller
                          Receivable”) will automatically be offered to eBay Sarl for purchase after conclusion of
                          each Sales Contract. eBay Sarl will either accept your offer by proceeding with the payment
                          process, or reject your offer. Such offer and acceptance will conclude a purchase
                          agreement between you and eBay Sarl (“Single Purchase Agreement”) regarding the
                          relevant Seller Receivable which is purchased (the “Purchased Receivable”) in
                          accordance with these Klarna Payment Methods Terms.
                        
                        
                          7.3.2 You hereby assign, subject to the conclusion of a Single Purchase Agreement, all your
                          current and future Seller Receivables including ancillary rights (such as rights for any
                          securities, transport and deficiency insurance claims, withdrawal or rescission rights, or
                          other claims against third parties with respect to the relevant Seller Receivable) to eBay
                          Sarl, and eBay Sarl hereby accepts the assignment. 
                        
                        
                          7.3.3 Upon conclusion of a Single Purchase Agreement, you and eBay Sarl reiterate the
                          assignment of the relevant receivable identified through the transaction-ID in the purchase
                          offer whereby the purchase offer constitutes an offer to assign the relevant receivable from
                          you to eBay Sarl and the acceptance of purchase offer constitutes an acceptance of this offer
                          by eBay Sarl.
                        
                        7.3.4 In case there is any doubt about the validity of the assignment of the Seller
                          Receivables and this requires any further declaration or action by you, you will execute such
                          declaration or action upon request of eBay Sarl.
                        
                          7.3.5 You irrevocably authorize eBay Sarl with the power of sub-delegation to notify the
                          relevant buyer regarding the assignment of the Seller Receivable and to exercise
                          non-assignable rights, such as contractual rights, in connection with the Seller Receivables
                          in its
                          own name.
                        
                      
                      
                        7.4. Collection Risk/Collection
                        
                          7.4.1 Except in a case of a Defect Receivable pursuant to section 7.6.1, eBay Sarl bears the
                          risk that the Purchased Receivables are not collectable from the respective buyer in part or
                          in full, in particular caused by the insolvency of the buyer. eBay Sarl will pay the
                          purchase price (minus the agreed fees and expenses of eBay Sarl) for the relevant Purchased
                          Receivable regardless of whether it chooses to enforce the relevant Purchased Receivable.
                        
                        7.4.2 The collection and enforcement of the Purchased Receivables is the responsibility of
                          eBay Sarl. eBay Sarl shall bear any and all costs in this regard.
                        7.4.3 eBay Sarl will transfer the economic risks of the obligations described in section
                          7.4.1 and 7.4.2 to the Acquirer and consequently to Klarna in accordance with the Chain
                          Factoring as described in section 7.1.3.
                      
                      
                        7.5 Representations and Warranties
                        7.5.1 Every time upon entering into a Single Purchase Agreement concerning a Purchased
                          Receivable, you represent and warrant to eBay Sarl that
                        
                          the Purchased Receivable is valid, validly assigned to eBay Sarl and enforceable against
                            the buyer;
                          you hold free and clear title to, and may freely assign and transfer, the Purchased
                            Receivable, and the Purchased Receivable has not yet been assigned or transferred to third
                            parties; and
                          
                            you will ship, deliver or provide the respective item(s) to the relevant buyer completely,
                            on time and in accordance with the Sales Contract with the respective buyer in order that
                            the respective buyer is not able to exercise any right or claim of retention, set-off,
                            supplementary performance, reduction, recession right or damage claims.
                          
                        
                        7.5.2 Each of these representations and warranties to eBay Sarl with respect to a Single
                          Purchase Agreement will be provided by eBay Sarl to the Acquirer (and by the Acquirer to
                          Klarna) back-to-back in accordance with the Chain Factoring arrangement.
                      
                      
                        7.6. Assignment of Purchased Receivables back to You/Disputes
                        7.6.1 If the relevant Purchased Receivable fulfills one of the following criteria (the
                          “Defect Receivable”):
                        
                          the buyer reverses the Sales Contract on the basis of a mandatory withdrawal right or a
                            voluntary right of return offered by you;
                          
                            in case of an eMBG claim or a payment dispute; for example, if the buyer objects to a
                            Purchased Receivable, if - upon request of eBay Sarl - you do not provide valid proof of
                            shipment or delivery or other proper performance to eBay Sarl in accordance with the
                            Seller
                              Protection Policy;
                          
                          you are in breach of a representation and warranty pursuant to section 7.5.1 in respect of
                            the Purchased Receivable;
                        
                        
                          or in any other case where you give a refund to a buyer for any Purchased Receivable
                          (“Refunded Receivable”), and the Acquirer consequently decides to use its right to assign back
                          the relevant Defect/Refunded Receivable to eBay Sarl, eBay Sarl is entitled to assign back any
                          Defect/Refunded Receivable to you.
                        
                        7.6.2 eBay Sarl hereby assigns all current and future Defect/Refunded Receivables to you
                          subject to the condition precedent in section 7.6.3 below and you hereby accept the assignment
                          of all current and future Defect/Refunded Receivables.
                        7.6.3 The assignment of the relevant Defect/Refunded Receivable above is subject to the
                          condition precedent that eBay Sarl notifies you of the re-assignment (the “Re-Assignment
                          Notice”).
                        
                          7.6.4 You are obliged to pay back any purchase price which you have received for the
                          Defect/Refunded Receivable from eBay Sarl without undue delay after eBay Sarl has provided the
                          relevant Re-Assignment Notice. eBay Sarl is entitled to set-off this claim which you are
                          obliged to pay to eBay Sarl with any further payment which eBay Sarl is obliged to pay to you.
                        
                      
                      
                        7.7. Information and Assistance Obligations/General Provisions
                        
                          7.7.1 You shall undertake to inform eBay Sarl promptly upon becoming aware of (i) any breach
                          of a representation and warranty according to section 7.5.1 regarding any Purchased Receivable
                          or (ii) any other event that may materially impair or jeopardise the realisation of
                          the Purchased Receivables or might materially change your solvency or, subject to you becoming
                          aware of it, the probability of payment of the Purchased Receivables by the buyer.
                        
                        
                          7.7.2 In case you receive any direct payments from a buyer on the Purchased Receivable, you
                          shall reject these received payments and refund the buyer, and notify the payer that payment
                          shall be made to Klarna. You shall notify eBay Sarl of any rejected payments on the
                          Purchased Receivables.
                        
                        7.7.3 Upon eBay Sarl’s request, you shall promptly hand over to eBay Sarl, the Acquirer,
                          and/or Klarna any information, records and documents which are necessary or expedient for the
                          examination and the enforcement of the Purchased Receivables.
                      
                    
                  
                
                
                  8. Corrective Measures
                  If we become aware of suspected or actual fraud or other security threats affecting your eBay
                    account, we will notify you by email and provide you with instructions on how to protect such
                    account.
                
                
                  9. Financial Regulations Consent
                  
                    eBay Sarl will share information you provided to eBay Sarl with our Affiliates or third parties only
                    for the purpose of such Affiliates and third parties assisting us in providing Managed Payments as
                    described in Part I, Section 8 (Third party
                    Providers), or in accordance with the following consent.
                  
                  
                    You expressly consent to eBay Sarl sharing your information with our Affiliates or third parties
                    under the conditions and for the purposes as described below. By sharing this information, we and
                    the respective Affiliate will be able to comply with applicable law. This will
                    allow us and our Affiliates to continue to provide our services to you.
                  
                  
                    
                      We may share your information with eBay GmbH or other eBay Affiliates which are obligated under
                      the Digital Services Act
                      (Regulation (EU) 2022/2065 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 19 October 2022 on a
                      Single Market For Digital Services and amending Directive 2000/31/EC) to obtain such information
                      from you. The Digital Services Act obligates online platform providers like eBay to obtain and
                      validate certain information from professional sellers offering goods and services to consumers in
                      the EU. Such information can among others include identification information about you (including
                      for example a copy of your identification document or an equivalent electronic document),
                      information on your account with us (including information related to your Linked Financial
                      Account), as well as the results of any verification of such information performed by us.
                    
                    
                      We may share with eBay GmbH (the entity providing the eBay Services to customers in the EU under
                      the User
                        Agreement) your Linked Financial Account information and the total
                      amounts paid to you in a given quarter including amounts withheld for fees and taxes, as well as
                      any other information about you to allow eBay GmbH to comply with its obligations under the
                      EU
                        DAC7 tax directive (Council Directive (EU) 2021/514 of 22 March 2021 amending Directive
                      2011/16/EU on administrative cooperation in the field of taxation). Under this directive as
                      transposed into national law, eBay GmbH is required to collect customer information for certain
                      sellers and report this to EU tax authorities. 
                    
                    
                      We may share with eBay Inc. (the entity that facilitates the offer, sale, and purchase of goods
                      and services on the eBay.com e-commerce marketplace) your Linked Financial Account information to
                      enable eBay Inc. to comply with United States federal and state laws that require
                      online marketplaces to collect and verify certain information regarding high-volume third party
                      sellers of consumer products on such online marketplaces. These laws include the United States
                      INFORM Consumers Act (H.R. 2617 – 117th Congress (2021-2022)) and any such
                      substantially similar laws as may be adopted in the United States from time to time.
                    
                    
                      We may, directly or through our Affiliates, disclose account information to intellectual property
                      rights owners on the basis of applicable national law of an EU member state in an out-of-court
                      disclosure process, in the event of an infringement of their intellectual property
                      rights for which our payment services have been used (including, but not limited to, Art. 19 of
                      the German Trademark Act).
                    
                    
                      We may disclose to tax authorities in the EU your account information and details on your
                      cross-border payment transactions, as well as any other information required to comply with our
                      obligations under the CESOP Directive (Council Directive (EU) 2020/284 of 18 February 2020
                      amending Directive 2006/112/EC), as transposed into national law in the EU Member States.
                    
                  
                
                
                  10. General Provisions
                  
                    Exclusion of Certain Provisions for Non-Consumers
                    If you are a business which uses the Payment Services, you agree that Articles 79 (1), 81 (3),
                      86, 88, 89, 90, 93, and 101 and Title III of the Law of 10 November 2009 on payment services shall
                      not apply to your use of the Payment Services.
                  
                  
                    Individuals
                    If you are an individual acting in your own capacity and not on behalf of a business, you may not
                      use the Payment Services to receive or transfer funds on behalf of another natural person or a
                      legal entity.
                    
                  
                  
                    Complaints
                    Any complaints about eBay Sarl or the services it provides should first be addressed to eBay
                      Sarl. You agree that all responses from eBay Sarl relating to such complaints may be sent to you
                      by email.
                    
                      Should you not be satisfied with eBay Sarl’s responses, you may also escalate your complaint
                      to the CSSF (www.cssf.lu), which is the competent authority to
                      receive out-of-court complaints by customers of payment service providers
                      authorized in Luxembourg. For further information please refer to our Complaints
                        Procedure.
                    
                  
                  
                    Communication
                    
                      We will communicate with you in the language(s) in which we provided these Payments Terms of Use
                      to you. You agree that we may give you notice or other information by posting it in your eBay
                      Account, emailing it to your registered email address, mailing it to your registered
                      physical address, calling your phone number, or sending you mobile messages.
                    
                    Legal notices to eBay Sarl (except for termination notices pursuant to Part I, Section 11) shall
                      be served by mail to the following address: eBay S.à r.l., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449
                      Luxembourg.
                    You may request a copy of any legally required disclosures (including these Payments Terms of
                      Use) from us; we will then provide it to you in a format which allows you to store and reproduce
                      the information (for example, by email) or, upon your request, on paper.
                  
                  
                    Governing Law and Jurisdiction
                    
                      These Payments Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
                      Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. If you are acting as a consumer (rather than as a business) and if
                      mandatory statutory consumer protection regulations in your country of residence
                      contain provisions that are more beneficial for you, such provisions shall apply irrespective of
                      the choice of Luxembourg law.
                    
                    
                      As a consumer, you may bring any judicial proceedings relating to the General Payments Terms and
                      these Additional Payments Terms for Payment Services provided by eBay Sarl before the competent
                      court of either your place of residence or eBay Sarl's place of business in
                      Luxembourg. If eBay Sarl wishes to enforce any of its rights against you as a consumer, we may do
                      so only in the courts of the jurisdiction in which you are a resident. If you are acting as a
                      business seller, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of
                      the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.
                    
                  
                
              
            
          
          
          
            IV. ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR SERVICES PROVIDED BY ECCA
            In addition to the General Payments Terms above, the following provisions apply with respect to Payment
              Services you receive from ECCA. Within this section, “we” or “us” refers to ECCA.
            
            
              As between you and ECCA, these Payments Terms of Use incorporate by this reference the
              User
                Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the
              User
                Agreement
              and these Payments Terms of Use, these Payments Terms of Use will govern.
            
            We may change, discontinue, enhance, or modify features of Managed Payments at any time.
            
              
                Expand Part IV
              
              
                
                  1. Receipt and Settlement of Funds
                  
                    After a Managed Payments transaction occurs, you will receive a notification confirming such payment
                    transaction. In certain instances, your transaction may be declined, frozen, or held
                      for any reason including for suspected fraud, high risk or potential violation of any eBay or ECCA
                      policies, or a policy of one of our third-party payments services providers.
                  
                  
                    Funds received by us on your behalf represent an unsecured claim for payment against us, but do not
                    constitute deposits. ECCA may combine your funds with the funds of other ECCA customers in pooled
                    custodial accounts and invest the funds in accordance with applicable law. You do not have any
                    ownership interest in these investments and any interest earned from these investments will be
                    retained by us.
                  
                  
                    If we are your Payout Entity, we will initiate settlement of proceeds received to your Linked
                    Financial Account. Your transaction proceeds, other than those being held in accordance with these
                    Payments Terms of Use, and subject to the estimated settlement times set forth in the next sentence,
                    will be aggregated to a batch for settlement to you on a regular basis (for example, a single daily
                    settlement for all transactions ready for disbursement to you that day), unless otherwise requested
                    by you and agreed to by us. We anticipate that Managed Payments transactions proceeds will generally
                    be settled in your Linked Financial Account approximately two to seven business days after the
                    buyer's transaction, although actual settlement times may vary for individual transactions based on
                    circumstances such as your bank’s processing times. However, we may diverge from this procedure as
                    needed for compliance or operational reasons. Notwithstanding the foregoing, when you onboard to
                    Managed Payments, we may initially place you on a different payout schedule (no less frequently than
                    monthly) and will communicate the applicable payout schedule to you in My eBay or Seller Hub.
                  
                  
                    If we are unable to settle your proceeds, then, depending on the reason why we are unable to settle
                    your proceeds, we may refund the buyer (e.g., in the event that we cannot process your information
                    for technical reasons or you violate these Payments Terms of Use, etc.) or otherwise process these
                    funds in accordance with applicable law or policies.
                  
                
                
                  2. Authorization to Pay
                  
                    The authorization to pay for Owed Amounts in accordance with Part I, Section 9 is an electronic
                    pre-authorized debit agreement (“PAD Agreement”) that you are entering
                    into for business purposes to allow eBay to debit your designated bank account,
                    and is subject to the rules of Payments Canada.
                  
                  
                    By completing registration for Managed Payments, you hereby authorize ECCA (or its Affiliates) and
                    the ﬁnancial institution that has issued your Linked Financial Account to debit your Linked
                    Financial Account for Owed Amounts in variable amounts at such intervals as when you
                    have Owed Amounts that are due and owing and we are unable to collect such Owed Amounts from your
                    current or future disbursements. 
                  
                  
                    You agree to waive all pre-notification requirements under the Payments Canada rules in
                      respect of any variable debits originated under this PAD Agreement. ECCA will notify you by
                      email regarding any one-time or sporadic debits in order to obtain your
                      authorization.
                  
                  
                    ECCA, or its Affiliates, will charge your account a CDN$ 7.00 fee by way of a separate debit for
                    each and every debit transaction authorized above that is unsuccessful or returned unpaid by your
                    ﬁnancial institution. We shall have no liability to you whatsoever caused by a
                    dishonored debit.
                  
                  If you would like to cancel this PAD Agreement, you may do so at any time by contacting ECCA. If
                    you cancel this PAD Agreement without providing a new authorization, we may suspend or cancel your
                    Payment Services and eBay may suspend or cancel your eBay Services.
                  
                    You have certain recourse rights if any debit does not comply with this PAD Agreement. For example,
                    you have the right to receive reimbursement for any debit that is not authorized or is not
                    consistent with this PAD Agreement. To obtain more information on your recourse rights,
                    or for further information on your right to cancel this PAD Agreement and applicable forms, you may
                    contact your ﬁnancial institution or visit www.payments.ca.
                  
                
                
                  3. Legal Disputes
                  
                    PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS AND WILL HAVE A SUBSTANTIAL
                      IMPACT ON HOW CLAIMS YOU AND EBAY HAVE AGAINST EACH OTHER ARE RESOLVED.
                  
                  
                    You and ECCA agree that any claim or dispute at law or equity that has arisen, or may arise, between
                    you and ECCA (including any claim or dispute between you and a third-party agent of ECCA) that
                    relates in any way to or arises out of this or previous versions of these Payments
                    Terms of Use, your use of or access to the Payment Services, the actions of ECCA or its agents, will
                    be resolved in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Legal Disputes Section.
                  
                  
                    
                      Law and Forum for Disputes if you do not reside in Quebec – These
                      Payments Terms of Use and any dispute or claim you have against eBay shall be governed in all
                      respects by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada
                      applicable therein. Except as otherwise agreed by the parties or as described in the Arbitration
                      Option paragraph below you agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts located in Toronto,
                      Ontario for the resolution of and all claims or disputes you may have against
                      ECCA.
                    
                    
                      Law and Forum for Disputes if you reside in Quebec - These Payments Terms of
                      Use and any dispute or claim you have against ECCA shall be governed in all respects by the laws
                      of the Province of Quebec and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein.
                    
                    
                      Arbitration Option - For any dispute or claim (excluding claims for
                      injunctive or other equitable relief) where the total amount of monetary relief sought is less
                      than CDN$15,000, the parties may elect to resolve the dispute in a cost-effective manner
                      through binding arbitration. In the event that the parties agree to arbitration, such arbitration
                      shall be conducted pursuant to the simplified arbitration procedure set out in the arbitration
                      rules of the ADR Institute of Canada, in force at the time of the dispute. Unless
                      the parties agree or the arbitrator determines otherwise, the arbitration shall not involve any
                      personal appearance by the parties or witnesses and shall be conducted by telephone, online and/or
                      be solely based on written submissions. Any judgement on the award rendered by
                      the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
                    
                  
                  
                    Improperly Filed Claims - All claims you bring against ECCA must be resolved
                    in accordance with this Resolution of Disputes section. All claims filed or brought contrary to the
                    Resolution of Disputes section shall be considered improperly filed. Should you
                    file a claim contrary to the Resolution of Disputes Section, ECCA may recover attorneys' fees and
                    costs up to CDN$1500, provided that eBay has notified you in writing of the improperly filed claim,
                    and you have failed to promptly withdraw the claim. Except as stated otherwise,
                    legal notices to ECCA shall be served on ECCA’s national registered agent.
                  
                  
                    [Does not apply if you reside in Quebec] Any translation of these Payments
                    Terms of Use and all related documents is done for our users’ convenience and in the event of
                    a dispute between the English and French version, the English version of these
                    Payments Terms of Use and all related documents shall govern.
                  
                  
                    If you are a resident of the Province of Quebec, the following clause applies: The parties hereby
                    confirm that they have requested that these Payments Terms of Use and all related documents be
                    drafted in English.
                    Les parties ont exigé que la présente convention et tous les documents
                      afférents soient rédigés en langue anglaise.
                  
                
              
            
          
          
          
            V. ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR SERVICES PROVIDED BY ECA
            In addition to the General Payments Terms above, the following provisions apply with respect to Payment
              Services you receive from ECA. Within this section, “we” or “us” refers to ECA.
            
            
              As between you and ECA, these Payments Terms of Use incorporate by this reference the
              User
                Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the
              User
                Agreement
              and these Payments Terms of Use, these Payments Terms of Use will govern.
            
            
              We may change, discontinue, enhance, or modify features of Managed Payments at any time. If ECA is your
              Payout Entity, we will notify you of any material changes or modifications to the features of Managed
              Payments through eBay messages (in My eBay) or directly to the email address
              linked to your account.
            

            
              1. Receipt and Settlement of Funds; Disabling Payment Methods
              
                After a Managed Payments transaction occurs, you will receive a notification confirming such payment
                transaction. In certain instances, your transaction may be declined, frozen, or held for any reason
                including for suspected fraud or potential violation of any eBay or ECA policies,
                or a policy of one of our third-party payments service providers.
              
              
                Funds received by us on your behalf represent an unsecured claim for payment against us, but do not
                constitute deposits. ECA may combine your funds with the funds of other ECA customers in pooled accounts
                and invest the funds. You do not have any ownership interest in these investments and any interest
                earned from these investments shall be retained by us.
              
              
                If we are your Payout Entity, we will initiate settlement of proceeds received to your Linked Financial
                Account. Your transaction proceeds, other than those being held in accordance with these Payments Terms
                of Use, and subject to the estimated settlement times set forth in the
                next sentence, will be aggregated to a daily batch for settlement to you to be paid out as agreed with
                you (for example, a single daily settlement for all transactions ready for disbursement to you that
                day). We anticipate that Managed Payments transaction proceeds will generally
                be settled to your Linked Financial Account approximately two to seven business days after the buyer's
                transaction, although actual settlement times may vary for individual transactions based on
                circumstances such as your bank’s processing times. However, we may diverge from
                this procedure as needed for compliance or risk reasons. If we are unable to settle your proceeds, then,
                depending on the reason why we are unable to settle your proceeds, we may refund the buyer (e.g., in the
                event that we cannot process your information for technical reasons
                etc.) or otherwise process these funds in accordance with applicable law or our policies.
              
              
                We may disable specific payment method(s) available to buyers for all or some of your listings if we
                reasonably believe the use of such payment methods for your transactions will increase regulatory,
                financial, or other risk to us. For example, if you would like to offer a
                high-priced item with a new eBay account, we may disable such payment methods where the amount is
                credited with a time delay after the transaction (e.g. Buy Now Pay Later). In assessing the risk, we
                consider relevant factors such as your sales history, service status, eBay account
                history, risks associated with certain item categories, transaction value, and number and monetary
                amounts of eBay Buyer Protection cases. We will re-enable the affected payment method(s) for your
                listings once the risk no longer exists.
              
            
            
              2. Unsuccessful Direct Debits
              We will charge your account an AUD 8.00 fee by way of a separate debit for every debit transaction for
                an Owed Amount that is unsuccessful or returned unpaid by your financial institution. We shall have no
                liability to you whatsoever caused by a dishonored debit.
            
            
              3. Legal Disputes
              
                If a dispute arises between you and ECA, our goal is to provide you with a neutral and cost-effective
                means of resolving the dispute quickly. We strongly encourage you to first
                contact
                  us to seek a resolution. If your dispute is not resolved by contacting Customer Service, all legal
                notices and formal disputes should be sent to ECA's registered agent in
                accordance with the “Notices” section below. We will consider reasonable requests to resolve
                the dispute through alternative dispute resolution procedures, such as mediation or arbitration, as
                alternatives to litigation.
              
              
                Law and Forum for Legal Disputes
                
                  These Payments Terms of Use will be governed in all respects by the laws of New South Wales. We
                  encourage you to try and resolve disputes using certified mediation (such as online dispute resolution
                  processes). If a dispute cannot be resolved then you and ECA irrevocably submit
                  to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of New South Wales, Australia.
                
              
              
                Notices
                
                  Legal notices must be served on ECA’s registered agent (in ECA’s case) or to the registered email
                  address associated with your account (in your case). Notice will be deemed given 24 hours after email
                  is sent, unless the sending party is notified that the email address is invalid or that the email has
                  not been delivered. Alternatively, we may give you legal notice by mail to the address provided by you
                  during the registration process. In such case, notice will be deemed given three business days after
                  the date of mailing.
                
                
                  Any notices to ECA’s registered agent must be given by registered ordinary post (or if posted to
                  or from a place outside Australia, by registered airmail) or by facsimile transmission to eBay
                  Commerce Australia Pty Ltd c/o Corrs Chambers Westgarth, Quay Quarter Tower, 50
                  Bridge Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Fax: (02) 9210 6611.
                
              
            
          

          
          
            VI. ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR SERVICES PROVIDED BY ECUK
            In addition to the General Payments Terms above, the following provisions apply with respect to Payment
              Services you receive from ECUK. Within this section, “we” or “us” refers to
              ECUK. 
            
              As between you and ECUK, these Payments Terms of Use incorporate by this reference the provisions of
              the User
                Agreement to the extent applicable to this agreement. In the
              event of any conflict between the User
                Agreement and these Payments Terms of Use, these Payments Terms of Use will govern.
            
            
              
                Expand Part VI
              
              
                
                  1. Payment Service; Disabling Payment Methods
                  
                    You authorize ECUK to acquire and settle payments that it receives on your behalf. When you sell an
                    item on eBay, you are deemed to be a payee, with ECUK acting as your payment service provider. In a
                    refund, chargeback, or similar scenario, or if you use your funds to pay, you
                    may be deemed to be a payer, again with ECUK acting as your payment service provider. If ECUK is
                    your Payout Entity, ECUK will open and hold a payment account for you.
                  
                  
                    The acceptance of a buyer’s payment instrument (for example, their Visa card), once it has
                    been authorized for payment, satisfies the buyer’s payment obligation to you, regardless of
                    whether we actually settle such payment to you. In the event that we do not make
                    any such payment to you as described in these Payments Terms of Use, you will have recourse against
                    us only and not against the buyer. To the extent permissible under the rules of any third-party or
                    governmental body with jurisdiction over us, you agree that we are not liable
                    for your acts and omissions and you understand that we disclaim any such liability.
                  
                  
                    We may disable specific payment method(s) available to buyers for all or some of your listings if we
                    reasonably believe the use of such payment methods for your transactions will increase regulatory,
                    financial, or other risk to us. For example, if you would like to offer a
                    high-priced item with a new eBay account, we may disable such payment methods where the amount is
                    credited with a time delay after the transaction (e.g. direct debit or payment upon invoice). In
                    assessing the risk, we consider relevant factors such as your sales history,
                    service status, eBay account history, risks associated with certain item categories, transaction
                    value, and number and monetary amounts of eBay Buyer Protection cases. We will re-enable the
                    affected payment method(s) for your listings once the risk no longer exists.
                  
                
                
                  2. Execution of Payment Transactions
                  When you, as a payee or payer, use Managed Payments, the payment transactions will be executed in
                    accordance with the payment schemes rules and procedures, or as otherwise agreed. 
                  
                    Required Information
                    
                      Your payer (for example, the buyer of an item you sell on eBay) must ensure we are provided with
                      the data required for us to execute the payment transaction. If we do not have sufficient data to
                      execute such transaction, we reserve the right to ask your payer’s payment
                      service provider for the required information. 
                    
                    We require the following information for the execution of a payment transaction: 
                    
                      Your name, 
                      Your eBay username, 
                      The buyer’s name (where applicable), 
                      The buyer’s eBay username, and any other data about the buyer which the buyer’s
                        payment service provider or we may require (where applicable), 
                    
                    
                      The currency of the payment transaction (if possible, in abbreviated form),  
                      The amount of the payment transaction, and 
                      The beneficiary’s payment details. 
                    
                    We may also require specific information, such as a one-time authorization code sent to your
                      verified phone number or email address, to authenticate a payment transaction (or to allow you to
                      access certain information related to Managed Payments on eBay).
                    
                      To the extent reasonably possible, we will automatically utilize the information stored in our
                      systems. Where the required information provided by you or your payer is not fully available or is
                      inaccurate, we will not bear any liability for any damage, delay, or other
                      consequence from the non-execution or defective execution of the relevant payment transaction.
                    
                  
                  
                    Receipt of Payment Orders
                    A payment order will be deemed to have been received by us if: 
                    
                      Carried out by means of a payment card, then in accordance with the card schemes rules;
                        or 
                      Received by our available electronic communication channels, then on the business day when it
                        is actually received by us. 
                    
                    
                      If the payment order is not received on a business day, it will be deemed to be received on the
                      next business day. “Business days” in this Part III of these Payments Terms of Use
                      shall mean the days on which banks in London are open for regular business. 
                    
                    You may not revoke a payment order after we have received it. However, if we have agreed that a
                      payment order will be executed on a certain future date, the business day prior to this future
                      date will be the latest you can revoke the payment order.
                  
                  
                    Refusal of Payment Orders
                    We reserve the right to refuse the execution of a payment order when: 
                    
                      The payment order information contains factual errors and/or is incomplete; 
                    
                    
                      You have not satisfied your obligations under these Payments Terms of Use or any other
                        agreement between you and us; 
                      There are doubts about the validity of the instruction, or the identity or authority of the
                        person giving the payment order; or 
                      The payment order, if executed, would lead to a breach of the applicable rules, laws, or
                        regulations.
                    
                    We may charge a reasonable fee for such a refusal. 
                    
                      You acknowledge that when executing a payment transaction, we may have to disclose information
                      mentioned above and your legal address to the other party’s payment service provider and, where
                      relevant, also to intermediaries involved in the execution of the payment
                      transaction. You expressly accept and instruct us to disclose such data. 
                    
                    Where you are the payer, the execution of the transaction may depend on us having received the
                      respective amount from you prior to the execution.
                  
                

                
                  3. Settlement of Funds
                  If we are your Payout Entity, we will initiate settlement of proceeds received to your Linked
                    Financial Account. Your payments will generally be initiated either automatically according to the
                    schedule you have pre-selected or “on demand” based on an individual payment instruction we receive
                    from you. However, if your payment account is not configured to include a regularly scheduled
                    settlement, we may periodically sweep available funds out of your payment account and send them to
                    your Linked Financial Account.
                  Your transaction proceeds, other than those being held in accordance with these Payments Terms of
                    Use, will be aggregated to a batch for settlement to you according to the payout schedule agreed
                    with you. For example, if you select weekly payouts, a single settlement will be initiated
                    automatically once a week for all transactions ready for disbursement to you on that day. If you
                    request a payout on demand, a single settlement will be initiated for all transactions ready for
                    disbursement to you on that day. You may be able to choose to have only a portion of your available
                    transaction proceeds paid out to your Linked Financial Account, leaving the rest in your payment
                    account. We anticipate that your transaction proceeds will be available on your payment account and
                    ready for disbursement approximately one to two business days after the buyer's completion of the
                    order, although actual availability may vary for individual transactions depending on the buyer’s
                    payment method, and when the payment transaction is received by us. We may diverge from the
                    settlement process as needed for compliance or risk reasons. The balance on your payment account is
                    not a deposit. You will not receive interest or any other earnings on the money held in your payment
                    account.
                  If we are unable to settle your proceeds, then, depending on the reason why we are unable to settle
                    your proceeds, we may refund the buyer (e.g., in the event that we cannot process your information
                    due to technical reasons etc.) or otherwise process these funds in accordance with applicable law.
                  
                  We will provide you with monthly statements of your transactions free of charge, which can be
                    accessed in the Seller Hub.
                

                
                  4. Liability for Unauthorized Payment Transactions
                  
                    You will be fully liable for all losses relating to an unauthorized payment transaction if you acted
                    fraudulently with respect to such a payment transaction, or if you failed to fulfill one or more of
                    the obligations under this agreement (such as keeping your credentials safe
                    or notifying us without undue delay) with intent or gross negligence.
                  
                

                
                  5. Our Liability
                  
                    We will refund you in full and are liable for losses directly and reasonably foreseeably incurred by
                    an incorrectly or non-executed payment transaction, provided that you have informed us of such
                    transaction without undue delay after becoming aware of the defect and in no event
                    later than thirteen (13) months after the transaction was executed, unless we failed to make
                    information about the transaction available to you.
                  
                  
                    To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we and our Affiliates (and our and their
                    respective employees, directors, agents and representatives) will not be liable for any direct lost
                    profits, any indirect lost profits, or any special, incidental or consequential
                    damages (including without limitation damages for loss of data or loss of business) arising out of
                    or in connection with these Payments Terms of Use or Managed Payments (including the inability to
                    use Managed Payments). In addition, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
                    law, in no event will aggregate liability of us or our Affiliates (and our and their respective
                    employees, directors, agents and representatives) arising out of or in connection with these
                    Payments Terms of Use, the transactions contemplated hereby, or Managed Payments exceed
                    the actual amount of direct damages (excluding direct loss of profits), whether in contract, tort
                    (including negligence, product liability or other theory), warranty, or otherwise.
                  
                  
                    Without limiting the foregoing, in no event will we or any of our Affiliates be liable to you for
                    any failure or delay by us (or our employees, agents, or representatives) in performing our
                    obligations under these Payments Terms of Use, where such failure or delay is caused by
                    abnormal and unforeseeable circumstances beyond our control, the consequences of which would have
                    been unavoidable despite all reasonable efforts to the contrary, or where we are bound by other
                    legal obligations covered by applicable law.
                  
                

                
                  6. Shipping Labels
                  If buyers purchase a return shipping label at their own expense on the eBay website, eBay may
                    automatically deduct the label costs from the refund amount a buyer receives from you. If this
                    occurs, you agree (as a debtor to the buyer for the refund) to be delegated as a debtor to the
                    shipping carrier for the label costs, and authorize us to use the relevant part of the refund amount
                    to pay the shipping carrier on your behalf. You will not bear any additional shipping costs in this
                    event.
                

                
                  7. Corrective Measures
                  If we become aware of suspected or actual fraud or other security threats affecting your eBay
                    account, we will notify you by email and provide you with instructions on how to protect such
                    account.
                

                
                  8. General Provisions
                  If you are using these payment services of managed payments as a business, you agree that Articles
                    66(1), 67(3), 67(4), 75, 77, 79, 80, 83, 91, 92, 94 and Part 6 of the Payment Services Regulations
                    2017 shall
                    not apply to your use of the Payment Services.
                  
                    Individuals
                    If you are an individual acting in your own capacity and not on behalf of a business, you may not
                      use the Payment Services to receive or transfer funds on behalf of another natural person or a
                      legal entity. 
                  
                  
                    Complaints
                    Any complaints about ECUK or the services it provides should first be addressed to ECUK. You
                      agree that all responses from ECUK relating to such complaints may be sent to you by email. 
                    
                    
                      Should you not be satisfied with ECUK’s answer, you may also escalate your complaint to the
                      FCA (www.fca.org.uk), which is the competent authority to
                      receive out-of-court complaints by customers of payment service providers
                      authorized in the UK. For further information please refer to our Complaints
                        Procedure.
                    
                    If you reside in the United Kingdom, you may escalate your complaint to the Financial Ombudsman
                      Services. For further information, please refer to the Financial Ombudsman website and the Financial
                        Ombudsman Services Standard Explanatory Leaflet.
                  
                  
                    Communication
                    
                      We will communicate with you in the language(s) in which we provided these Payments Terms of Use
                      to you. You agree that we may give you notice or other information by posting it in your eBay
                      Account, emailing it to your registered email address, mailing it to your registered
                      physical address, calling your phone number, or sending you mobile messages. 
                    
                    Legal notices to ECUK (with the exception of a termination notice pursuant to Section 9) shall be
                      served by mail to the following address: eBay Commerce UK Ltd, Hotham House, 1 Heron Square,
                      Richmond upon Thames, Surrey TW9 1EJ, United Kingdom.
                    You may request a copy of any legally required disclosures (including these Payments Terms of
                      Use) from us; we will then provide it to you in a format which allows you to store and reproduce
                      the information (for example, by email) or, upon your request, on paper. 
                  
                  
                    Governing Law and Jurisdiction
                    
                      These Payments Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
                      England and Wales. If you are acting as a consumer (rather than as a business) and if mandatory
                      statutory consumer protection regulations in your country of residence contain
                      provisions that are more beneficial for you, such provisions shall apply irrespective of the
                      choice of English law. 
                    
                    
                      As a consumer, you may bring any judicial proceedings relating to the General Payments Terms and
                      these Additional Payments Terms for Payment Services provided by ECUK before the competent court
                      of either your place of residence or ECUK's place of business in the United
                      Kingdom. If ECUK wishes to enforce any of its rights against you as a consumer, we may do so only
                      in the courts of the jurisdiction in which you are a resident. If you are acting as a business
                      seller, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
                    
                  
                
              
            
          

          
            Posting Date: October 26, 2023
          
          
            Previous version
            Previous Payments Terms of
                Use
            Previous Payments
                Terms of Use - Download
                PDF