General Terms & Conditions


    

    
            Taxes and CustomsIf you are a VAT registered company our customer services department can correct the invoice issued so that your company can account for VAT on a reverse charge basis. In order to receive a corrected invoice please contact our customer services department, supplying a copy of your VAT registration certificate or another proof of your VAT registered status, which shows the registered business address and registered VAT number.Customs: Shipping costs do not include any duties, taxes, or clearing charges levied by the destination country. These charges are the responsibility of the customer and will vary from country to country. We cannot predetermine what the charges will be. The charges may be billed directly to the customer by the destination's customs authority, or may be billed to the customer through k&k idea fresh solutions Ltd. We suggest that you call your local customs office if you would like more information on customs duties in your country.
Returns
All products returned must be in new, perfect condition in their original packaging. We will not accept returns after 30 days. All returns are subject to a 20% restocking fee. Shipping charges will not be refunded.We must authorize all returns in advance - please call or e-mail us before sending returns.
Know the product before ordering
You should be familiar with the items and their proper use before ordering. You may e-mail us or call us with questions about our products before ordering. Do not buy an item with a "try and see if this works" attitude. Returns increase costs for all involved.
Shipping damage
Please inspect the outside of packages before signing for them. If there is damage to the package, you may refuse to accept it or make a note with the carrier of the damaged carton and accept the shipment. If you accept a damaged package and discover any of the contents were damaged, please notify the carrier within two days.For products damaged in shipment with no obvious damage to the packaging, please notify us or the carrier immediately (must be within two days).
Packaging errors
Open all packages immediately and check contents. We make every effort to avoid mistakes. But if you received the wrong item or are short any item, contact us within two business days. We will issue a return authorization and pay the return shipping for the wrong merchandise and the new shipping for the correct merchandise.
Defective merchandise
If any product is found to be defective within 30 days, please notify us immediately. We will issue a return authorization and shipping instructions. We will examine the item. If it is defective we will send a replacement with no shipping/handling charges.If it is not defective, we will notify you by e-mail and either return it to you at your expense, or charge you a 20% restocking charge.
Liability disclaimer
K&K IdeaFreshSolution Ltd (on the web at www.ifs-store.com) shall not be liable for indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages.Our liability under any and all circumstances shall not exceed the price actually paid for the product or part on which such liability is based.Although we strive for accuracy in descriptions and prices of all products and to maintain adequate inventory to fulfill anticipated orders K&K IdeaFreshSolution Ltd shall not be liable errors including computer errors, unavailability of products, or the negligence of any other parties such as suppliers or shippers.
Order acceptance
All orders are subject to acceptance by K&K IdeaFreshSolution Ltd order fulfillment personnel. With daily fluctuations in commodity prices for metals and fuels, we cannot guarantee future prices of most products, so orders placed at these prices might be limited to quantities available for immediate delivery.
For questions about products, availability, pricing, and shipping, please contact Customer Service using the Contact us menu item or by e-mail or telephone.
 
Privacy statement
1. WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
The K&K Idea Fresh Solutions M/EPE will be what’s known as the “Controller” of the personal data you provide to us.
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Email marketing (if axpplicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
2. CONSENT
When you provide us with personal information to create an account, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, on your account page by using our contact us form or by contacting us at sales@ifs-store.net.
3. DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
4. PAYMENTS
We use a third party payment processor(s) to process payments made to us. In connection with the processing of such payments, we do not retain any personally identifiable information or any financial information such as credit card numbers.
5. THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
6. SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
All the personal data we process is processed by our staff in the United Kingdom however for the purposes of IT hosting and maintenance this information is located on servers within the USA on a secure server behind a firewall. No 3rd parties have access to your personal data unless the law allows them to do so.
We have a Data Protection regime in place to oversee the effective and secure processing of your personal data.
Cookies
Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not.
xid - unique token, sessional.
recent_login - stores your username to auto-complete the sign-in form next time you visit the store. Persistent for 3 days by default (can be changed by store’s admin).
viewedResources - holds a list of cached CSS files, this is used to make store’s pages loading faster. Persistent for 1 hour.
rv - holds a list of products you recently viewed in the store. Does not expire.
xc_np_product_#### - holds product identifiers, used to navigate within store’s catalog. Persistent for 30 minutes
7. AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
8. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
9. QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Data Protection Officer at sales@ifs-store.net.