Terms and Conditions
Welcome to Manolo Walls LLC Company Web Site (the “Site”). Your access to and use of the Site is subject to the following terms and conditions and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, these Terms and Conditions and acknowledge that any other agreements between you and Manolo Walls LLC are superseded and of no force or effect. If you do not agree with these Terms, do not use this Website. We reserve the right to amend these Terms from time to time. You should review these Terms regularly to check for changes. Continued use of the Website after any such change constitutes an acceptance of the changes. 
Manolo Walls LLC grants you a limited license to download material displayed on the Site for noncommercial, personal use only provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, repost or use the content of the Site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio and video without Manolo Walls written permission or as permitted in the text on the Site.
All material on this Website, including the text, information, graphics, logos, design, layout, downloads, pricing, products and services (Content) is owned by or licensed to us. You must not reproduce, transmit, adapt, distribute, sell, modify, publish or store Content for any purpose, other than with our prior written consent, or as permitted by law. All of our rights are reserved. The trademarks, logos and service marks, are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Manolo Walls and others. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, stopple or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site without the written permission of Manolo Walls. Your use of the Trademarks displayed on the Site, or any other content on the Site, except as provided in these Terms and Conditions, is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that Manolo Walls will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.
The Website may contain links to or display the content of third parties (Third Party Content), including links to websites operated by other organizations and individuals (Third Party Websites). Third Party Content and Third Party Websites are not under our control. We do not endorse, approve or make any warranty or claim regarding Third Party Content, Third Party Websites or the products, services or information available on any Third Party Website, or in respect of the owner or operator of a Third Party Website or their conduct. If you use or rely upon Third Party Content or Third Party Websites, you do so solely at your own risk.
We are not responsible for, and accept no liability with respect to, any material uploaded, posted, transmitted or otherwise made available on the Website by any person unless by us. We do not endorse any opinion, advice or statement made by any person unless made by us.
Your use of and browsing in the Site are at your own risk. Neither Manolo Walls, any of its agencies nor any other party involved in creating, producing or delivering the Site is liable for any direct, incidental, punitive, special, indirect or consequential damages, or any other damages of whatsoever kind resulting from whatever cause, including but not limited to loss of use, loss of profits or loss of data, whether in an action under theories of contract, negligence or strict liability or otherwise, arising out of or in any way in connection with the use or performance of the information on, or accessed through, the Site.
We reserve the right to block or suspend any user of our Website, and to modify or remove any material uploaded, posted, transmitted or otherwise made available on the Website by any user, without notice. We expressly make no representation or warranty that the Website will be available for use by you at all times or at any particular time. All information on the website is subject to change without notice. The products and services described on this Website, and information regarding them can be withdrawn or varied at any time without notice. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor’s display of any colors will be accurate.
While we have made every effort to ensure that any Content is free from error, to the extent permitted by law, we do not warrant the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the Content.