
ORDERING TERMS AND CONDITIONSPLEASE READ BEFORE ORDERINGYOU MUST BE EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS OLD OR OLDER TO ORDER FROM THIS WEBSITE
 
By ordering from ShopATVPartsOnline, you are agreeing to all terms and conditions as shown below. You the buyer aggrees and accepts te these terms when ordering from our website ShopATVPartsOnline.com.
  
PURCHASER RESPONSIBILITY: Please remember that by purchasing a product online, you are responsible for performing the setup that a store or local dealer would normally perform - such as installing/checking the wheels, seats, roll bars, hooking up the fuel line, battery and lights, checking tightness of all nuts and bolts, changing oil, etc. Although we do provide some very good information on our website, occasionally some units may need other routine items checked/adjusted such as cleaning and adjusting the carburetor and fuel tank, checking to ensure wires are well connected, adjusting chain slack and alignment, if needed. Since you are skipping a dealer and saving over half the price of a usual retail customer, you will need to perform the final assembly (as stated above). This will take generally 2-6 hours or more to perform depending on your product and skill level.  While we will gladly assist you with any technical questions, support we can give over the telephone is limited. We STRONGLY RECOMMEND that a Qualified Mechanic perform the setup of your product. we cannot refund or exchange your unit if you cannot perform these functions or refuse to let a shop do it for you. By placing an order with ShopATVPartsOnline you agree to these terms    
MECHANIC: If you are a new enthusiast, welcome to the exciting world of Powersports. You should know that powersport products  require substantial mechanical support to uncrate, setup, adjust, maintain, repair and upgrade.  This support is required on an ongoing basis. These activities apply to a used product as well as an item brand new out of the box. We strongly recommend that a qualified mechanic perform the setup and all other mechanical operations to keep you product operating properly and safely. ShopATVPartsOnline does not provide mechanical services and labor is not covered under manufacturer's warranty under any circumstances. Additionally, manufacturers may require proof that a product was setup by a qualified mechanic in order to provide warranty coverage.
 
CHANGES TO PRODUCTS: From time to time, manufacturers or suppliers either raise prices or upgrade the products, and these changes may not be shown on the website immediately. This is why the products may differ slightly from what is shown. However all changes are usually to improve or update the product, and does not lower the quality of the merchandise. Color choices are requests only, subject to availability and cannot be guaranteed. 
 
LIABILITY:
Parts and products ordered from this website should be installed and/or used by persons that are familiar with mechanical parts and their proper use and installation. Consult the manufacturer of the part or product for its proper use, mechanical requirements, and operation. Customer assumes all responsibility for setup and maintaining products and/or equipment in safe operating condition. These products are not designed, manufactured or sold for use on public streets, roads, highways, or right of ways. Read the owner's manual before operating. Wear an approved helmet, clothing & eye protection when riding. Parental supervision is advised. Not designed or intended for rental track use. SERIOUS INJURY OR DEATH CAN OCCUR. Do not operate while under the influence of drugs or alcohol. Products are to be used only in the manner intended and with proper safety equipment. Purchaser herewith acknowledges (a) ShopATVPartsOnline assumes no liability for any misuse of any products sold and (b) under this ordering terms and conditions, shall have no obligation and the purchaser or user shall have no remedy against ShopATVPartsOnline.com, its officers, agents or assigns for any damages, including without limitation, incidental, consequential, special, punitive damages arising from the direct or indirect injury to person or property, or any other loss, whether or not occasioned by negligence or otherwise, on the part of ShopATVPartsOnline  (c) Purchaser acknowledges that there is an inherent risk in the operation of Powersports equipment  and all products sold on this website and herewith assumes all risk of any injury arising from the operation of any products sold on this website. Original owner will indemnify and hold ShopATVPartsOnline harmless and will take full responsibility for conveying all safety warnings and instructions  if product is sold, lent or otherwise transferred  and will indemnify ShopATVPartsOnline from any claims against it for original owners failure to do so. THERE IS NO WARRANTY OR LIABILITY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,  ARISING BY LAW OR OTHERWISE AND WHETHER OR NOT OCCASIONED BY SELLER'S NEGLIGENCE. THERE IS NO IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Any disputes hereunder shall be resolved through binding arbitration in the county of Contra Costa state of California according to California code of civil procedure. 
 
HOW TO ORDER: PLACE AN ORDER THROUGH OUR WEBSITE Follow the steps in the shopping cart. Fill out the order form completely making sure that all spaces that apply are filled in and correct to make sure that you receive your order without delay. TELEPHONE ASSISTANCE Although we cannot take an order by phone, we can assist you in placing an order, call our customer service department at (404) 333-8677 Monday through Saturday between 10:00am and 6:00pm EST. Use your Visa, MasterCard or Discover Credit Cards, PayPal.
 
Sorry, we do not accept orders by mail.  
 
PAYMENT METHODS FOR ORDERS  CREDIT CARD ORDERING WE SECURITY CHECK ALL CREDIT CARDS. We accept Visa, MasterCard and Discover credit cards. When placing orders, you must have the following information from the credit card: We need the expiration date, the credit card number, the cardholder's phone number for the home & where they can be reached during the day, the credit card owner's name and billing address.  WIRE TRANSFER Large purchases exceeding the credit limit amounts that can be placed on a credit card can be paid via Wire Transfer. ALL INTERNATIONAL ORDERS Must be paid via Wire Transfer. In order to avoid delays in shipping your order, please send all International Wire Transfers in GUARANTEED US FUNDS. Sorry, we cannot  accept credit card payments on International Orders.   
C. O. D. SHIPMENTS We do not ship C.O.D.
    

FREE SHIPPING: MOST LARGE PRODUCTS ARE SHIPPED FREE. These items will display the FREE SHIPPING in the Product Description. THIS IS A $175 to $650 VALUE INCLUDED FREE ON MANY ITEMS! 
   
SOME PRODUCTS CARRY A SHIPPING CHARGE: Engines, Kits, Parts, some Dune Buggies, Minibikes and ATVs may carry a shipping charge. This is due to manufacturer required pricing which does not reflect shipping. Items that carry free shipping will display the Free Shipping icon. To check if a product carries a shipping charge in advance of checkout, click add-to-cart, then, type in your zip code and click Calculate-Shipping.


 
  
HANDLING CHARGE: Some large items may present a small handling charge for a rolling pallet or special packaging materials.
  
ORDER DELIVERY ON ITEMS: ShopATVPartsOnline CANNOT GUARANTEE EXACT DELIVERY DATE of an order. Small items are shipped via UPS or USPS and should arrive within 3-7 business days. Some orders may take longer. You will receive an email notification when your order ships. Large items are shipped via Truck Freight and may be delivered within 7-10 business days. Delivery time for some items may be longer. The total time to receive your order can be approximately 1-3 weeks or longer during busy times of the year. Order early if you have a specific date requirement.
  
TRUCK FREIGHT SHIPMENTS Large items will be shipped to your home, business or the nearest trucking terminal. Tracking numbers are not provided for Truck Freight shipments. The Freight Company will call you to schedule a delivery or pickup. The driver will generally help get your product off of the truck. This is sometimes called "lift gate" service. On heavy merchandise, it's best to have someone available to help unload it and get it into your garage. Some large items cannot be delivered to your home and may require that you pick up the item from the nearest freight terminal. If this is the case, the freight company will place the item on your truck or trailer for you. In some rare areas, there may be an extra charge for home delivery or lift gate service. We will let you know if this applies to your order. 
    
WARNING: Scooters, Dirt bikes, ATVs, Gokarts, Dune Buggies, Mini bikes, and Parts are machinery. They must be maintained and treated accordingly, and can be dangerous. They have moving mechanical parts. You should not have loose clothing, long hair, hands, or other parts of your body around moving parts. Read all manufacturers safety precautions that come with the vehicles. Serious injury or even DEATH can result from operating these vehicles. Customer hereby assumes all risk associated with the setup, operation, use or maintenance of any products purchased. Customer further agrees to release and hold harmless ShopATVPartsOnline and /or it's employees, owners and affiliates and exempt from any liability for any injury or loss as a result of operating any products purchased. Customer hereby agrees to follow all safety, setup, operation, maintenance and warranty information or procedures, printed or otherwise provided by the manufacturer. If this information is not shipped directly with the product, customer agrees to contact manufacturer to obtain the information. Customer is responsible for obtaining all safety, setup, operation, maintenance and warranty information, if any, directly from the manufacturer.
 SETUP AND MAINTENANCE: Product assembly and/or setup is not provided by ShopATVPartsOnline unless special request and paid assembly by customer. Otherwise customer is responsible for all product assembly, setup and maintenance. Customer hereby agrees to have a qualified mechanic perform final assembly, setup and maintenance of your product. Our products are shipped directly to the customer from the  manufacturer distribution  warehouse. As such, the customer is responsible for all final product assembly and setup, as well as normal maintenance and repair at customer's own expense. ShopATVPartsOnline recommends and customer hereby agrees to have a qualified technician assemble and setup any product purchased on this website. ShopATVPartsOnline will, upon customer's request, ship product to a Service Center of customer's choosing. Failure of customer to have a qualified technician perform setup could void warranty.  If a setup or maintenance task is beyond the expertise of the customer, then the customer agrees to seek the services of a competent professional mechanic at his own expense. No labor charges for product setup, maintenance or repair shall be covered under warranty. Incorrect procedures or performance of procedures by persons not qualified can result in product damage and may void any warranty. We cannot refund or exchange your unit if you cannot perform these functions or refuse to let a shop do it for you. 
  
BACK ORDERS: If we are out of the item, part or parts that you ordered, we may back order the part. Back orders are noted on your invoice. If an item is on back order for more than 7 to 10 days, we will notify you by e-mail. If the part is not available we will issue you a full refund on the parts not shipped. In some cases you may be charged an additional shipping charge for the back order shipment.
  
WARRANTY: No warranty, express or implied is provided by ShopATVPartsOnline. Some products may carry a warranty from the manufacturer. Any warranty offered by a manufacturer is from that manufacturer and not ShopATVPartsOnline. ShopATVPartsOnline will assist any customer should a warranty issue arise. For products whose manufacturer offers a warranty, that warranty shall cover defective Parts Only and not labor. Warranty does not cover shipping. All warranty procedures that the manufacturer requires must be followed, no exceptions. Any part or accessory that is covered by a warranty MUST be returned to the manufacturer for inspection BEFORE an exchange can be issued. Customer pays for shipping of parts to and from the manufacturer. Contact Shopatvpartsonline for details and further instructions if you think you have a warranty situation BEFORE you do anything. Any warranty that comes with a vehicle spells out the warranty and time periods. If you have any questions call ShopATVPartsOnline and we will help with the warranty. 
 
 
RETURNS: You may return most items (except scooters, atvs, dirt bikes, kits,tools, training wheels, electrical parts , tires/wheels and gokarts) within 7 days of delivery. Returned items must be received in our warehouse within 14 days after return initiation. Items must be returned in new or unused condition in original packaging and contain all original materials included with shipment. If you received the wrong part, contact us for a Exchange or Refund. The wrong item must be returned with in 7 days for the correct part or a refund. We will ship a replacement as soon as we receive the incorrect item back. If you cannot wait for this, we will charge and ship the new item, then refund the incorrect item as soon as we receive it. If you order a part and decide you don't want it, then you can still return it with in 7 days subject to a 30% restocking fee (Does not include, Scooter, Go karts, Dirbikes, ATVs, Tire, Wheel or electrical parts.) Seller protection. You will not receive a refund on any shipping or handling costs. You will receive a refund on the cost of the item(s) returned, less the restocking fee. If you have damaged the item, or it is damaged caused by incorrect packaging, then we will not accept the item. Tools and Electrical Parts (rectifiers, regulators, coils, bulbs, flashers, fuses, controllers, etc.) are non-refundable. Returns must be received within 7 days of the shipment date. Customers are responsible for returning the merchandise at their own expense. The freight collect and COD packages will be refused.  NON-REFUNDABLE ITEMS INCLUDES: Scooters, atvs, dirt bikes, kits,tools, training wheels, electrical parts (including batteries), tires/wheels and gokarts
       
RETURN FEES:  If you refuse delivery, miss your delivery appointment or return a non-defective, undamaged or incorrectly assembled product, you will be charged for all original and return shipping costs. Items returned as damaged or defective are inspected and tested upon arrival. Items may also incur a restocking fee ranging from 10% to 30% of the price. No item may be returned if unpacked, assembled, had fuel installed or operated. No returns after 30 days of delivery.     

ITEMS NOT RETURNABLE: Refunds will not be offered for scooters, atvs, dirt bikes, kits, buggies, tires/wheels, tools and Electrical Parts (rectifiers, regulators, coils, bulbs, flashers, fuses, controllers, etc. Items cannot be returned once they are opened, unpackaged, assembled, used, had fuel installed, damaged, or altered. The customer is responsible for all shipping, handling, and restock fees on all Go Karts and Minibikes canceled, refused or returned after they are shipped. Large items such as Dune Buggies CANNOT BE RETURNED. Although we may provide free shipping on many large items, these items are very costly to ship. All Sales Final on ATVs, Go-Karts, Scooters, Dirt Bikes, Dune Buggies and electrical Parts.

 
  
CANCELLATIONS: Customer acknowledges and understands that ShopATVPartsOnline has incurred expenses in processing customer's order. Orders cancelled by the customer prior to shipping may incur a 10% cancellation fee. A restock charge may apply on some items and special order items cancelled prior to shipping. Orders cancelled by the customer after an order has shipped will be refunded less all actual outgoing and return shipping charges plus restocking fee.
  
REFUSED SHIPMENTS: Customer will be charged all actual destination and return shipping charges on refused shipments. All  refused shipments or returned items are subject to a restock fee. Customer is responsible for all shipping charges, including shipping charges on parts that the customer orders incorrectly and orders canceled after shipping. No returns will be accepted on used, damaged, altered OR SPECIAL ORDERS. Merchandise returned to ShopATVPartsOnline will be returned to you at your expense or discarded & no credit will be issued. 
 
  
SHIPPING DAMAGE: When you receive your order and there is noticeable damage to the carton or merchandise, please tell the delivering carrier and have them note this on their freight bill. This will protect you if you have to make a claim. ALL DAMAGE CLAIMS MUST BE HANDLED BY YOU DIRECTLY WITH THE DELIVERING CARRIER. They are responsible for shipping damage, not ShopATVPartsOnline. We will assist you with a damage claim. Before signing the shipping receipt at the time of delivery, carefully open the package and inspect items for any damage or defects. Upon delivery, if you notice any damage or defects, you must note them on the shipping receipt and refuse delivery before the delivery person leaves. Do not accept delivery unless you intend to keep the product as shipped. Please notify ShopATVPartsOnline immediately.
 
  
 
WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO CORRECT CATALOG & WEBSITE ERRORS. ShopATVPartsOnline does our best to make sure that information and photographs posted on our website are accurate. Sometimes manufacturers make changes to a product before we are able to post updated information on our website. When changes to products are brought to our attention, we will make a diligent effort to update our website, however, we cannot be responsible for errors or omissions posted on our website. 
PRICING POLICY: Prices and specifications in the catalog and on this website are subject to change without notice and supersede previous catalog & website prices and specifications. If there is a small price increase, we will adjust your order accordingly. On major changes, we will contact you before your order is shipped to inform you of the changes.
By ordering from ShopATVPartsOnline, you are agreeing to these ordering terms and conditions